You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or a leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphany.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that falls to you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolivia.
It's the kind of complicated circle of which I'm going to talk to you.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stanford, Ohio where I was the weird of class.
When they were beaten to bleed every week in the boys's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when she would let the professor's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call of that teacher, the Poology lady who said,``I need to see it.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laugh, we were crying, and we realized that she needed to be a hospital.
We found a place, we tried it, and we care about it and we commissioned their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to know, he became a ashes box, and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, had become a circle -- and that epiphany of the one I told you about it.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved theirs.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
You need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today, that today I'm talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first texts.
I was amazed.
My heart was fast, I was running, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
And the iceberg to me around the water was almost 60 feet away, and I couldn't even think that it was an snow of snow on another year's snow after year.
The roofs are born when they get away from glaciers or break the ice walls.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to give up, and they're clinging down to the end, whereas others can't support it more and they unfold on a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that are separate, and it's just in large ways as we're seeing ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all opposite.
As you melt a iceberg, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As it melts a iceberg, it releases rich water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I was approached to photograph these texts as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way, and they won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of its way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a iceberg that I photographed in Karashmind, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get a really present iceberg.
Here they have.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a iceberg of Greenland, average size.
Get out of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you name, the iceberg shows a different side of your personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of them has a baby . Okay.
So two couples each with a baby.
I don't want them to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X criminal chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them are going to look and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my ground activity, I would have two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm an historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people are dealing with anatomy -- to say, of human and animal bodies, how they have considered body fluids, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role that performance in my work is activist, as patients advocate, or, as I say sometimes, impatient of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with email, much lower people than half.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with sex sex, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it interesting.
Interestingly, they adopt many forms.
I'm going to put some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual Chance X, whose gene Arabic of chromosome and tells the protocells, we all have in the fetal life, which become testicles.
And then, in the weather life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of numb to the analysis.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When it's born, the baby is as a child.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After making them tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you might think it's a man, but it's not really like this.
Women, like men, have something in the body called supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermarket glands produce angers, the hormone of manufacturing.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman; he doesn't know their weather structure; I believe being a typical woman most of the women like me are sensitive to Americans.
We produce angers and we respond to the analysis.
As a consequence, someone like me have the most exposed brain to the analysis than the woman who was born with testicles who have the syndrome of numb individuals.
So sex is complicated . It's not that the intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I received a call from a 19 year-old boy, born and raised as it's going; he had girlfriend, and he had sex, and he had sex, he took a life as a kid, and he had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a consumer superstar.
I had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the supermassive glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were manipulated, their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male.
I was born with a child; nobody's suspected.
And it was at the age of 19 when I started having medical problems caused by the internal menstruation, when doctors found that, in fact, it was women inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interesting.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as politicians, that is, they have an eye tissue wrapped in testing tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're loans, twin twins, or intractable surgeries, are not to be able to get better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you add to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly, to be black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalyst.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture respect to the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of the very romantic individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people in one body.
The most crude case is last year with the South Serahute Cartoon corridor; it was put in a trial of trial in the Bernanda International Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask,``What do you test to do to determine if Cassini semen is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there's no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a separate line between men and women or between men and interesting and women and interesting, and we are who we map that line.
So, what we have is a situation where the more we do the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were advanced anatomic categories that correspond directly with stable ideas -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than terminal allows.
As we see, we get into a culinary terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we take from the fact of spreading them in just a few numbers?
And as we make progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the categories that we drive probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in every realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus.
There are very advanced arguments today -- -- not in public, but I know within medicine, when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to be seen with this question of whether someone was dead.
As you put a pen in front of your nose, and if you moved still, you didn't buy it yet.
If I stopped moving, they buried it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma of really sensing someone's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could offer someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, you know, people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
So, I would argue that these categories are much more unstable than we thought tense.
Think of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a fan fan of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found each so much watching that music``1965 ,"and not for music, which is totally happening.
It's why it happened in 1965 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everyone remembers, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they were clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
It was the idea that it got to the political power on the right of blood transmitted from grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replacing it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy, and not the analytical differences . That was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a illustrated system that they were wasting two things.
It was being generated by democracy, and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were being distant from the supernatural explanations, and so they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a living idea of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, we were taking the idea of analytical coincidence.
And in doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened next years?
And women succeeded.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people on the root of Saturn Train, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men on the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, color people who appeal to analytical coincidence about analytical difference and, again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidences, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should give them to the anatomy.
I don't mean that five year-olds were allowed to have sexual relations or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both signs in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: one in June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms : 1 of March , 1980.
By the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed every single day three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other variables in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- well, I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered man now is a passion of mandatory encouraging that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, for his part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still persist analytical categories that are in various ways and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to give up to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escapes.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to plot the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't make any chromosomes to people.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the insulin syndrome to the analysis.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I do to sleep"offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people,``Baseless not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of your character?
I want to point out as well that I'm not sure we should be based on this for the people, because I have to admit that I know about some of the reforms that are likely to deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some benefits that I know can make more informed, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relations than 40 people I know.
So how do you put the issue of character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this stream of thinking relative to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to being killed, unless they're willing to support a sex change, in which case they're allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I spoke with a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago, and then let's separate them, and so on and so forth.
But when the phone was asked about the reason for the operation -- a very risky operation, I was asked that in that other country, these kids would be very abused, and so I had to do it.
I said,``Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forced to change for the good state of the state.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to end I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and it's that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in the intersection, I've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interest me is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about shipping studies is that women, on average, -- all of us, but on average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and take care of those who are vulnerable inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the post, one of my advisers that I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist, as I was now made a strange plan.
\" Tell me what the feminism is about . ''
And I thought,``It's the most dumb question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with reducing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about your question, the more I have seemed to be female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female and the male brain that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people in the state, it's possible that, of course, more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy: think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where to live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver it to the world tens, perhaps hundreds, new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But it's just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those people who wanted to live in apartments were already owners, and that at the other half, they still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to do alignments in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the mosquitoes and the construction distractions.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those advantages.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that easy place to build it instead of putting them out.
So I proposed that governments created new enough reform zones to contain cities and give them a name: cities under this.
Later I found that more or less at the same time, Jazeera and Oregon were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 acres were running from their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next few elections, Philip wolf imposed an anti-police with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Ocean to be his boss of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes as much as the rules of rules to progress, and they're usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Joplin.
They called me.
They said,``Let's take this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York, and you see, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, Oregon said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under this is a place where you start with defended terrain, a status that specifies the rules that are applied there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to make our country forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the feats that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that I measure at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody's clapping.
The public faces were very serious and very attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk talk.
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the government leaders of Honduras needed help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and fulfill the standards of the status, so that they could all rely on the status effectively.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly after, on January 19th, they voted in Congress to understand their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow us to create these special development regions.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress, in favor of this, was 124 to one.
All of the parties, all the factions in society, supported it.
To include the Constitution, you have to be approved twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another voting, from 112 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to 24 to February, a delegation of about 30 acres was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea; it's bigger than Boston's center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other interested country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about it in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come, and they would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow the Supreme Court to be the state-of-the-art court for this new judicial system.
There are cities and builders of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know have already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people who say they'd like to change immediately elsewhere.
There's one million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go get a job; sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about intent so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesus, and this is my validation.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, attack and different for each time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and second hand shops.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my relatives in the environment and in my wallet.
I come to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my appearance is unique; and buy it becomes my personal search for treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my size?
I like color?
Would it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the subject of my validation, I want to tell you what I'm packing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring to do with someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of clothing, and nothing else.
It's the inside of clothes for exactly a week is all I put in my validation.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I want to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks at TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe, or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the set, including the jacket, costs me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost precisely impossible to be bad, when you're wearing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other people happy.
Tuesday: integration is overcome.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time integrated.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded you from the right people, you won't just understand you, you also appreciate you.
Wednesday: Wow of the child you get inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the distribution, or I remind you about their little seven years.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
JS: The trust is the key.
If you think you look good at something, it's almost sure you're.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 that really understood its meaning.
And I'm going to explain to you in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, you don't see you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: One universal truth is six words for you: The golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a very unique, unique style of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little validation.
So before I went home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to go emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, bright suit, if there's a little love in my heart and I look.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So, where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes, but I think for most of the visions of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great application in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I think of one of those people, like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logical quantum physicists to conceive of these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that may have developed over the years of the years is the one that says that one thing can be only somewhere at a place.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, the development.
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a small kid, and it didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that the game with that bar of parking is taught a precious lesson, and it is that the big things don't allow them to go back, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago; they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That's not very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it doesn't do well to my logical part.
Because if it's all made out of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that it's been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit . It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good good approach to the small metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal, in a way of cheating, and that will be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with form of swimming swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, I'm scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects are behaving in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that the wind and the wind that happens next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, and then we introduced a vacuum cleaners and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it at a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that they moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way that vibrate was like a breath like this -- as a force that expanded and contract.
And by giving them a soft push, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant and not vibrating thing at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece are still still, and at the same time, those atoms are moving up and down.
It's only in certain instances when those are alignment.
The rest of the time are distributed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was broken in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights out and look inside the box, we saw that metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just doing it in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that, it's deeper.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things around you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago I did another work at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and that allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure it, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It's a lot of great education -- I loved, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working Google, trying to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
You better show the demo for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've done from their launch.
So simply, we're going to George.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the American gallery, the MoMA, the Friend, the red, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, the Metropolitan Museum, the New York art museum.
There are two ways to do that -- very simple.
We click and, you know, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where you're, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you divide.
You want to navigate the museum?
We open the plane up, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Go ahead and go ahead and go ahead.
explode.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, Pittsburgh Bell's Picasso Brooklyn in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10,000 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10,000 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can be made up in a very simple way.
You see some fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to delve it.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I came in and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
And I tried a little bit, I talked to some people in the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called``incomprehensible], which is to hit a wave with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to go even deeper and see that you can really get even the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get the image out, so you'll see what's there.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to MoMA in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The Night Stage . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pants?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
He goes it up and really do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the night star ,"I think I had never seen her before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely all of you, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, -- I've created this function that I call``The Power of The Salar ,"-- we just made a zooming around.
This is``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery of London.
You can get things out, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you have these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, it does justice to your artwork, and it's properly represented online.
And the big question I'm doing today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon to everyone.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that it's happened something very interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
Now, some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of Formula 1, I took a budget and you'll bet it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and a balance.
What's interesting today is that real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in free air.
And, like such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and affordable.
Cities are a big thing.
As I noticed, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond the cities, all these detectors and assets are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Antarctica for the end of the year at MoMA, during summer.
It's called``Tali Uncle . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, begin to talk to them.
In a way, it's kind of like all the existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's changing completely the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
It's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo sculpt the Moses, it says that at the end I took the hammer, and he threw it into the Moses -- you can still see a little bit of date, and he said,``Excuse me? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment begins to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist in the idea of capturing the environment and choosing something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer hopefully the 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, play Italy and France, and at the end of Zipcar gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Tunisia River.
That's the morning before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
In the early afternoon there are people over here and there making calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Gold from France . Italy from Italy.
You understand, people do a quick call and it goes to the bathroom.
Second time . End of regulation.
First time, second.
Ziops, and at a moment, the head.
won Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they went into the center of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachusetts where, from the romantic time, people will celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just one example of how the city's pulse can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things that we use and consume.
Today we know everything about our own objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us would do.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking.
These are the results you get.
It's from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of insects in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist before.
There are complicated things happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think we think is that if we see every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, that it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on one day still goes there.
So if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague of MIT, American Ocaos, could tell you a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to get to the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zimbabwe.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, add to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, on a workshop, was: imagine that they have a cannon and valves, soldier valves, lenses that are open and closed.
It's created like a curtain of water, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bellington mayor.
He liked it a lot.
And they designed a commission to design the building at the entrance of the expo.
We call it Diver Digital Page.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach it, you open so you can pass.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the satisfaction, you get the roof down.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said,``Give me the building . ''
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it's almost all architecture disappear.
Here it is working.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to not kill the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Zimbabwe came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump out to do not kill.
( People noise) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use that people will give them to our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels, the water pixels, and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine that the screen will appear in different scales and sizes, different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixel cloud that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Florida controlled, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bell -- from the best balloon dancers today, the New York Metropolitan star, and the Millen Scala to capture their movements in 3D and use it as input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolutions.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can turn all the way up.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and motion, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as possible in the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- like a cross-section of clouds, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everyone get a little bit for a pixel.
And I think what's happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered by pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something that you can upload, as a new top of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital spot at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with only one changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in a better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe?
How to live more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What's the most?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience Member: Creativity) Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Let me raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . You probably had the amount of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many would choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at TED Conference, but I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great genocide of the 20th century, TED . Doughnum, who also competed in the Church Orthodox Russia, wrote a called``Nothing in biology makes sense except for evolution . ''
But if they effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
refers to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well on an extreme, is, of course, the most.
We're going from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval there has been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 12,000 years.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the most bacterial intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damasio puts them out of school -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very offensive.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without the effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But, by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help direct nutrients, and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future give us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast childhood symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief component -- animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I just entered college, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell moves into the two children.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start changing.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes preserved.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of the body death enters evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexually, sexually, death for sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that went on, it was getting more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns, which is still acting in Vegas well in their 90 years.
And one night somebody hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
It's in front of him, a magnificent little dancer light dancer.
He looks at it, and he says,``I came looking for a``sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says George,``I chose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted it to be healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome into the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you are like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbit and then let the sea fall.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said,``I don't want to get immortality through my work.
I want to do it not die . ''
Evolution not necessarily favors longevity.
Not necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the most intelligent.
Evolution favors creatures better to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the core bacteria that can survive the heat of the smoking that will produce, if there were fish there, fish cooking on the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a busy environment.
So what this means, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say, there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been dismissed and removed from the population.
And second, as a species, we've tracked our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, circulation, and we're so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to happen.
A second possibility is that a traditional evolution is produced, natural, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution goes off, but they're unexpected.
And in the isolation, when we as a species we collect distant planets, there are going to be isolation and environmental changes that can produce nature in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, terrifying possibility.
The so-called neurogenish, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guide and choose for us as individuals in the decisions we're going to take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual and familiar level.
Think of it as well that if it could be possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring, but in their own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the length?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes?
If we look in the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and it was 13 years.
It cost two billion dollars.
And the next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost near the 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to make the human genome reality for $1,000, and it will be more and closer to all.
Those changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe it or not, there's an experimental trial in course with the vaccine, in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of tobacco?
That's reality today, and the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only other two little changes.
Can you change the cells from their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their offspring?
What if they could change sperm and tubes, or change the necessary egg, and give their kids a better chance of a healthier life, remove the diabetes, eliminate the homophobia, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt successful spinters -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to make the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful society, more consideration?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more regular and more vegetables?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the profound thing of all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think of, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by making click, click, click.
Close, click, click, click . Sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 11.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already seen the airplane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It sucks the motors.
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises.
And then he said three words.
The three most messy words I've heard.
He said,``prepare for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a moment.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never had.
As I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``Specific wine . ''
Because if wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we tried the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't for a lot -- I thought, whoa, I really feel a big destination.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also put place to my ego.
And I'm sorry for the time to waste in things that don't matter with people who do care.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to be right; I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes off,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water appropriate.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness has been done in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- yet . And scream, cry, like a small.
And for me, that was all the reason to be in the world.
At that point, I understand those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
Now, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I'm told a miracle, not dying that day.
And I came to me another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and going back and living in another way.
You're flying today, your challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't -- but how do you change?
What would they do, that they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How do you change your relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you can?
Thank you.
Clearly, I've been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important grades in the '80s.
One day he came to her house after he ran and said,``Dad, I feel a concrete on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so, obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony, TED, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said,``Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, don't you see Stephen Hawking, not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're an important person, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anyone to see the movie``The Supermarket and the butterfly"movie?
They communicate that way -- they're going to make it mark with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover.
I was committed to her brother and his father there at that precise moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back and make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inside can't communicate . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called German Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer, draw on that and register the negative space.
So they're going around doing art installations like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the Bush attacks and, at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call it YouTube because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``Don't deserve it . This guy's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world -- almost all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, children and I, we moved to the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and analysis took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we went back, they would have taken off the walls of the walls and instead there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks, we were programming, we went to the shipping of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called``Schwarzschild ,"and you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the shipping of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Home Depp and Radio Shake.
We took a PMS camera, we open it up, we put it over a light of LED, and there's now a device that's free -- it builds yourself; we publish the software, the software goes down in free.
And we create a device that has no limitation whatsoever.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is somebody else's room, and that's his room.
There was all this bulling and appreciated by the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall on a wall outside the hospital.
And he would draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and they would imagine what the feeling was in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to get into the parking, so we felt like we were legitimacy the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me, and I'd get out there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us moving, developing.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventions of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- -- and this is what I ended up with the circle is that in April of this year at the George Man at the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best explorers of urban art -- Jean Facebook, CAN, all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, it's possible.
Nothing that's in this room was possible -- stage, the computer, the microphone, the Strawberry nothing was possible at a certain time.
They make possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I've never done anything with busy recognition technology; I just acknowledged something and I'm amazed with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something we feel that we have to do, if it's not, when is it not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years going into very difficult situations, and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
Film in war zones -- hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in horrible situations with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing it in a way that you see entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands, and the sponsor wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I got an ad in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been the following thing:``Oh, I've got the next AIDS: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and in content could be explored in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But said this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that wisdom, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me about a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell them a year ago.
But in the new film I'm working on, we tested the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare, nothing could anticipate, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Clearly Morgan: I want to make a film that deals with the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest film ever sold . ''
What's going on in``The largest Time Never sold"is that all of the top down down to the bottom, it has pictures of brand, all the time, from the absence of the substance that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Lucifer State, the Stephen Center ...
These people will be associated with film to perfect -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kansas: It's reduction .) Is it what? (MK: It's redundancy .) A periodic, forever?
I'm a respect . (MK: I just say -- ''
It was``A Perfection forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X brand sponsor of the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to make sure all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used ...
The most cool car you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best suit you've been drinking, it's``The largest movie ever sold . ''
David Karling: The idea is then also to show the brands as part of life, make them fund the film? (MS: Make you finance the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from principle to end.
And I would love that CEO to help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
GB: However, I don't know how recline people are going to be.
DK: You have a perspective -- -- do you know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to replicate? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money takes to do this?
MS: One and a half million . (D: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
DP: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we're looking at a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russian: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell, for the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS: That means you're not very optimistic.
So, they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .) Awesome.
MK: We need to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge) When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn off the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera ,"meant we have a conversation out of microphone.
It turns out the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And so one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And it was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, making so many people looked at it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media, isn't the idea to tell with that new vehicle worthy of attention that's going to lead the message to the masses?
No, that was what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a guaranteed mistake, and that error was this one.
No, there wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for the images of a glass in Google comes -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- that it's characterized by visibility or infrastructure, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president was named, even the CEO would name it.
But suddenly when it comes to make it happen, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives you fear -- like that weird bear that still continues.
It's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it?
You eat a whole bowl of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies, and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want them to tell them . ''
We want you to tell a story, but you've got a story . ''
See, when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at how they used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wants to help -- that's because I just met John Bond and Richard Kiribati of many years, I realized that I would have to go for me, I would have to take off the switch and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- I started to realize that when you start talking to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others make small, independent films like mine.
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies, giant, say that the reason their movies are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to do specifically to Ben in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my pet, you'll see the Bang disappointment.
At any time during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you very cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you beat.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And I'm going to offer one of these fabulous aroma.
Both``fusion Flore"as``Long's Language"is going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man as for woman, solid, golf, bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a post-dorm view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller movies you count, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bank to people is the reason that this is interested in.
MS: What words used to describe bamboo?
Bank is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We're talking about something audacious, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus smell and sweat.
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep you fresh, with better frequency, more frustrating, three times cooler.
Things like that, the benefits.
MS: And that's a Muslim company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man on the street, to people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'll go back 80, under the purple, unless it is a laundry day.
MS: All right, what is brand Gore?
George: Something unique . (MS: Nico .) Man: I guess the type of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark dignity.
I really like dark colors, many gray colors and things like this.
Usually I get accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic stage ,' Merced Benz.
Man 2: The brand I am, I'll call it a casual element.
Woman 2: In part of hippie, in part, in part of the Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
They sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the marketing.
Man 5: Marco self-dependent.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often classify it in the intersection of dark dignity, and a casual element.
I realized I needed an expert.
He needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what they call``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olympics Zapcare in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newton, February, Shanghai to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they certainly could do it for me.
Reporter: Did the photos bring, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: Is that world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why . ''
What's the male? What phase of paper you find you now?
Why is it important to reset? What represents the red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolism have you had?
It doesn't have to be fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Hi! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work) A: Yes . (MS: Thank you very much .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
Freedom Zapagoa: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the operating Morgan brand is a constant brand.
They're very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies have -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that are not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see this here to Target, Wii, Michael Cooper and Seunian.
Now there are a conscious brand and a conscious brand, those things that have gone and come, but a Parking brand is quite powerful.
MS: A finding brand fixed . What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality, what would it be?
Are you an accelerated attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a disappointed attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
Management attributes are like being fresh as the Prince, contemporary, adventure, attractive or audacious like Eric Florida, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than disappointed attributes?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like JC?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, familiar, confident, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Google?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, dissidents and offspring, who said no, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they had no control, they would have no control on the end product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as for film.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising outdoors.
Throughout the city for the last five years there are no fences, there are no posters, there's no voices, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are making roads in schools with liquidity problems in the United States.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or the ones I've had more success is those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have they gone? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie is used at the Sudan Festival, we take a look.
According to the film, the movie was written in January, and since then -- and this is not all about 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in land.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talk to their customers will not be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people to that, you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in your risk aversion, you're preparing all your company for rewards.
I feel like what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we need to give the fear place.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear . We open the risk.
From a spoon at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to join transparency.
Today more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk``Obvious Transition"has been presented by my good friends of Ezra who for $7.7 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: It will become big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
Now, I'm showing you``Open Transition . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those $7.5?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name on behalf of the TED matrix organization, the Japanese Foundation, a $7.5 check to be applied to my TED for the next year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the University of Uganda in Nairobi.
The gray boxes you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're from a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind TEDGlobal.
We started with a Windows install.
The bow goes into the gray box, damage the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is demonstrated; mission accomplished.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you know is that it's very, very complex in Windows, the installation used multiple dollars.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened to this.
So, very strange things happened.
Stuxnet behaved as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese: he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The installation is looking forward to the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say, say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we will discover the goal soon.
And so we extracted, and we downloaded the code of attack, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs: a small one and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points I attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is warming.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Sputnik's installation is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were calls to the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at temporals and data structures and try to relate to the real world, with potential targets of the real world.
We need theories about recipients that we can approve or waste.
To get to the theories of goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent syndrome, it must be a precious white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the status of National Nation.
So I said to my assistant,``I'm going to take a list of all the experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to make their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital blob with the control of the rotor.
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotor, you can certainly pull it up and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and describe it in an obvious effort for becoming crazy to the engineering engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital offering by looking very close to data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 111 in that code, you can't do it.
I started researching scientific literature about how these facilities are built in Nairobi, and I found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and each waterfall contains 165 centimeters.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These income centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no misunderstanding.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up with no exit, and we had to start.
Yet, we discovered that both digital worms would give a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The little pump is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors and rapidly rapidly, and the big barrier is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the downside is.
It's Natasha, and it's only Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are reaching up by Stuxnet.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data is driven by Stuxnet.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robbery, the security camera fed it in video care.
Is it great, huh?
The idea here is obviously not only to move to the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and more aggressive.
The idea is to move a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine happens, you have to open escape valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And I don't operate the security system.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have any -- as an attacker, that you will draw this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional tools of worms to shoot it.
They're going to shoot the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a civilization of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we have to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public done in many sides that people assume that Mose is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lander: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the MoMA is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one single, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for testing . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken, and that I give you some surrounding skills, or another one that makes you use of wheelchair to get up and walk back.
In``Berkeley Biosens"called these robots, exoskeletons.
It's not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great force, which also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an unreal idea.
So to show you now, what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on its back, a 45-year-old charge, and it's being managed to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage of back.
We decided to reconcile this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Height -- or Portugal Carolina Human charges.
Soldier: With the exoskeleton Stephen, I can cover 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design allows us to put in charges crawling and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Edward Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around, in wheelchair, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage on the spinal cord that when they start their life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years old -- collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that aging it rapidly multiplied.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like that for the last 500 years, from its successful emergence, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
So let me introduce you to the oil that's using Amanda Baxter who was 19 years ago, and he had a lesion on the spinal column, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Baxter: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our choice, I mentioned.
It's got a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give power to the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it forward with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, for a stranger jump in the air, skiing down it is paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost every feeling and all motion of the pelvis down.
A little time later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
The adapting technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to crack down on the ground, climb rocks and even ride in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Spiderman or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much of this in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, Bonobos are in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the fabric itself -- stage from a violent conflict that has been tested for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction also put in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by looking at trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as apes``make love, not war ,"because they have frequent, promise and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity's problems, because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Kama Super.
Bones, like humans, love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance.
We learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- interactions diversity, diversity diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a bone style game, and I'm not talking about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase,``You have it grab the balls . ''
I just think that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is so common in Bonobos as well as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the testes and also how play requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun thing.
But play is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where wonder is wasted.
And I want you to see -- this is Furs, a young female, who's playing with water properly.
I think, like, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that propelled us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that the bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But let's take advantage of our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it seems as appropriate as playing, it can be the moments that it's the most urgent.
So, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I'm fighting fires like captain assistant in a body of volunteers.
And in our city, where volunteers competition to a highly skilled person, you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was cooling into a conversation with the owner that I certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the late night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, barefoot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, as Red Luther came first up to the captain, and he asked her to go into and save the dog of the home owner.
The dog! I was there celebrate . ''
There was a lawyer or a money gesture that, for the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a call to save a live living, because they won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a step.
He said,``Let's get the house out.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the firemen fires, which at that height, you'd finished the fire, and I went into the main room in search of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back in the ladder where I met my Neuron and the beautiful dog on the front door.
We took out of the house for the owner of home, where, as it was waiting, his treasure got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the driver's owner by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had reached him even a couple of shoes.
And so much in my vocation in Robin Hood, as in my vocation, I'm a witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from grace and courage acts on the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're getting, there's remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make a difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give you, I'll say now.
They serve food on a dining dining room.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So you train the game; you save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fits each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build things larger than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, LGBT bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the block of concrete, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: transistor was just for experts.
I personally didn't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing logic.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Loting is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they unite through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green, and very quickly, you can start doing bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button for a pulse of pulse, which is here, and now we have a light interacting.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, it's actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldier, logically allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind logic is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to reduce ready to use.
Loves, sound, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given birth to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that they don't learn in schools.
For example, how a daylight works at night, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led to design schools.
So, for example, the designers without experience in electronics start playing with logic as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles, and then we have George creating ...
( Mechanical sound) We took a few weeks ago, and we took partnerships to the designers of Rhode Island design, who don't have any experience in engineering, only in cardboard, wood and paper and we said,``Make something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a conference cannon active by motion.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a locust made of Play-Doh that's afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, logically became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So it has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world in which we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to get involved with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can prove a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can get better, we left the video to one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm afraid the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be detected; we ask them to work in government.
The initiative was called America for America, and it would be like a few Peace Peace bodies.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild world.
They made big applications; they worked with municipal employees.
Your task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Allah.
That's a hydrant from Boston City.
Here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what you really look for is that someone clean it up when it's caught by snow because it knows that it's not very good at turning fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask us this so singular way?
Last year in Boston, we had an American American member team.
They were there in February, and at that time I was going to have a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these fires.
But one of the members named Erik Michaels noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept to clean it up when you go.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put Allah.
If you don't do it, someone can steal.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government's technology achieved.
And it spreads viral.
A research of systems from the city of Honolulu City by seeing this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but so that citizens adopted tsunami sandwiches.
It's very important that they work these tsunami signs, but people are stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens waste up the caps.
And Chicago just launched to make people record to clean sidewalks when they were born.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit about government technology, you know that this doesn't normally happen.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that he had done for normal channels, it would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that until the moment has cost 200 billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and spreading in viral form is a kind of a warning shot to the government institution.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not like the private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, in a open and generative way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an analog institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just an American, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to government.
You feel a great frustration to that, but you don't complain, you fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost of sight.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the OED, and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Anderson,``What we do together because we can't do . ''
Now, many people have abandoned the government.
If you're one of those people, I'm going to ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government yes.
And because the government ultimately emerges from us -- remember that``us, the village"? The way we think about it is to affect the way that change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to get charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, mostly, of a matter of farmers.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that calls the calls if you brand 31 in the United States.
Scott attempts this call.
I entered``Zarrolla"at the official knowledge base.
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the doors out of the house, put a very strong music and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the farmers.
Boston does not have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile phone called Accident Connecticut.
We don't make that app.
It was the work of very smart people in the Boston University of Boston.
One day, this really happened, this question,``Zero in my trash cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that? ''
The Senator's dynamic dynamic is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Afghanistan, it's all public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I came up to the place, I found the trash cube behind the house.
Zarrivati? Yes . Live? Yes.
I went around the bucket . I went home.
Good night, sweet shortcut.
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the definition technology definition.
I talk about a platform for people to compete and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
It connects the two people.
And it could have connected to government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we cut the communities.
If we call animals control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then expect government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like a big ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters.
Underneath that is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates around us, that other thing, and in a consequence we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the West Movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens that have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in the order of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to face.
Do you really think we'll get to where we need to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everyone?
We can't think of government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand strengthen civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act, you just articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years, so I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot about your voices.
They're using their hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better.
And those applications allow us to use their hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrant, taking weeds, dumping a trash cube that has a cap inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned up those hydrants and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED, you see, and I hear these stimulus, has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here are impact around the world.
Sometimes, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they're teaching feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it's a little bit like charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started many of the dictionaries in our home.
It was daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1849.
She was born about the 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but she was also loving.
When I was a little bit and looked at it, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I went out.
One or two hours later, I went back and looked at me, and he said,``Brian, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if I told him no, I would grab me again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the lower of 10.
Sometimes, when I was going to spend a while with it, it wasn't easy to capture your time and your attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
And I looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she got up, he got off the room, he took me out of his hand, and he said,``You see Brian . We're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as it was yesterday.
I'll never forget.
He took me out, and he said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``You know, I'm not going to make sure ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat, I looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise me three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mom . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my son, and you have to promise you always take care of it . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
Then he said to me,``The second thing I want you to promise to me is that you will always do the right thing as right as the right thing . ''
I thought about it, and I said,``Yes, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother one year older and a sister for a lower year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers package, I don't know where I pulled them up, grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just got to do the madness forever.
He took a beer of beer, offered her sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come . Today . And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I don't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
He said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
\" Oh, you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``What are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was shown.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue; I say it by the power that has the identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things that they really don't see any sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the ban.
My uncles died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to communicate.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in probation freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much breakfast, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One of every three black neurons between 18 and 30 is in jail, or in probation.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young people in color are in jail or in probation.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, but it's wealth.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law from the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where children are sentenced to children from 13 to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no possibility of coming out.
Right now we're in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
They represent people on death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, are people deserve to die for the commons?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the common crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America was defined by error.
From every nine people executed, one that's identified one that is innocent, and it's exhibitionally and released from death row.
A rate of error, amazing -- an innocent every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it's not going to be allowed to get airplanes, if every nine you wake up, you would have been shocked.
But somehow we're going to isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of reconstruction and that lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being limited.
They worry about being bombed.
The horror threat was what it defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you're talking about talks, make speeches . Tell people to stop saying that in our history we were dealing with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grow with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of the racial and separation subsistence.
In this country, we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All of the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real and reconciliation process.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's good worrying about what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death row in Germany.
We could never be able to have it here . ''
The room stayed silent and a lady said,``There's no way that with our story, we can never be able to get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we started to execute people . ''
So reflect about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We could not tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these difficult issues, positive things and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are unsustainable by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalized.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
And we talked about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the waste, the ones that are never going to TED.
Think about them, in a way, something that's within our own.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity . development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also for heart convictions.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and offspring, but also in the dark and the difficult thing.
Valley Hawai, the great young leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and being witnesses . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, has to communicate.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to find it.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me, to say,``Brian, come the lady Park . We're going to meet them to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
And I said,``I'm lady . I know I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very victim, very lit.
And in a occasion, I was listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks was headed to me and said,``Now, Brian, I mean that's that idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving me my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the sentences of life, without a freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We tried to end the mass incarceration . ''
I gave him all my best speech, and he looked at me and he looked at me and he said,``Hmm hmm hmm . ''
And he said,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Carter got leaned, put my finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I believe that the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand, and to believe that each of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very lit, very stimulating, we're not judged by our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end, the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but the way they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I'm tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of toughness.
I go to jail and I see my 13 clients and 14 years old, who have been strangled to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it isn't?
The judge will do it as adults, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something that you're not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a mill.
I had a 14-year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the engine, with a headline that said,``Move for my 14-year-old black client to be treated as a private period of 75, a corporation of a corporation . ''
In the engine, I was able to have an embedded behavior in the accusation, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was an additional line about how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that mill would be a dream, or really write it?
For my horror, not only had I recorded it, but I had sent it into the court.
About two months ago, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- Oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car, and I felt really exhausted, overwhelmed.
I went into the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and thought.
I finally got down from the car . Walking into the judge.
I was going up the stairs when I found a senior black man; it was the consumer's seat.
When he saw me, he came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is it a lawyer?"I said yes.
And so I was approached and opened.
And I'm whispering in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was repair.
That's deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I entered the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you write this motor dream? ''
I said,``Sir, I was me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came the police prosecutions, the fireflies.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye record, I got to see the advice that went and came.
He was looking through the window and encouraged to hear all that scream.
I kept walking for here and there.
Finally, this old black, with the face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge wrote a recipe.
During the rest of a wave of the wave, it was accepted because the council had entered the room.
The assistant goes through the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I walked into this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with a sign . ''
I've come to TED today because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be really human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is bound to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the free, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a desire for the audience, this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a crash . What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a spring in this spring in which you're going to make an effort to reduce the funds that are spent in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty, in the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases do not focus on arrest.
56 percent of rapes do not get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law fulfilled, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in the U.S. crime in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say, has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is that?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we left the punishment of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the perpetual chain -- by stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, we've been excited to go through today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Voice 2: famine in Somalia . Voice 3: The police dropped O.C . spray.
Announcer four: Carters fired . Voice 5: Moralists.
Announcer 6: Social discovery . Voice 7 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Allende of tsunami . Voice 9: cyberattacks.
A number of cars: War to the marketing, massive destruction . Turing.
recession . Banks . First of all . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips I've got in the last six months, and they could actually be in the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media means prefer negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
I ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So for a dozen stories, we would rather look at the negative.
That old man from the press,``If there's blood, sells ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, no surprise that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe, instead, what's really happening is that we get distorted.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century for a series of forces are accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we're very good at promoting problems, and in the long hand, we end up with them.
So let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubling, average per capita per capita per inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The market machines of the past century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Support a lot of this is technology, and lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that was dependent on information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times in war and peace, recession, depression and booming.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build computers faster.
It's not stopping before any of the big challenges.
And although it's grateful on a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to April Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computer in the cloud, that my Autodesk friends call infinite computation, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, neurons and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeffer of Watson, of IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headlines that would have.
And I loved this one: Watson comes to human operations.
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
He meets the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Sydney University.
We taught these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to take a company, or a product or service, that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have been done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every inhabitant of the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that, which is scarce and becoming plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Nature III mid-size.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of Sydney.
The Natire troops ate with silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But the king of Sydney, ate with aluminum covered.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's more than gold and platinum.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8.7 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disappointed.
So we're going to project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet with 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 terabytes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about infrastructure.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the gas of the dam: eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about water wars.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager spacecraft on Earth, in 1990, after Saturn's?
I took a famous picture . What was it called?
\" A blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes , 93 percent is saltwater, the two percent is ice, and we fight by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the neuroscientists.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the traffic -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Spanish -- the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water from any source, soldiers, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola implemented it globally in 20 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the cellphones in the developing world for late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with a smart mobile phone, it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted.
It's better than that, the things that you and I've paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- I'm video, video 3D, images, books, books and music, medical diagnosis technology now stands up and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing to get is when you save health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Coalty Foundation, something called the X-ray X Business Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk to, and because they have AI, they can touch, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the carbon charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence an RNA virus or DNA virus that doesn't recognize, it will call the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic to happen.
But this is the greatest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds have never been used to the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you consume? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the biggest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And more health to the Triangle, of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D impressions and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide about three billion members of humanity, healthy educated and productive?
How about some voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they're, a voice to be heard and being able to act for the first time?
What would these three billion?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear target, can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end by sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Foldit.
It emerged at the University of Washington in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein is folding.
The folds determine the structure and functionality.
It's very important about medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played this university professors among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were supposed to play them.
And it has been shown that today's machinery recognition machinery is better protein folding than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the brain's innovation.
We have the capital of the tech.
And we have three billion new minds that are used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The puzzle of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You might believe that I'm going to be sorry, but it didn't.
It actually collected fish.
And he described one of them as very``common . ''
It was the grouper.
I found it very much until the 1980s.
Now the fish is in the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they keep intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also illustrates another concept: the deployment of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971, studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I became a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palm, and as you can see, of a few mangroves.
There were tissues of about 20 centimeters, the black beard tilapia.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant, and it went for a good moment, so it earned more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down in half.
They were marriage at five inches.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean nothing to change, but everything has changed.
So my third story is that I was actually started in the introduction of the fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s, and I did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development is to impose countries who already had 100,000 fishermen, prevent industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called La 4.
I went out to fishing on him, and we did studies in South China Sea, and especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured is something inevitable.
We captured, I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains, remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom happens to be a solid coral coral fund, in this case, to be a fluke.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They dismiss them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowning.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what collect fishermen every time they go to an area that they have never fished.
But it doesn't get documented.
We transformed the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If you generalize this happens something like this.
On the Y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, lots of sentences, the verb of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the supply of change.
And at the end of the end, I'm going to keep some of the misery.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predator societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before you get extinct, is unlikely.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this isn't perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on large animals, and in a sea, synonymous of big fish.
They become unusual because we find them.
Over time, you have a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they'll do it because evidence present in an earlier way is not the way they expect the evidence to have.
For example, the anecdote that some present, like captain, and so I looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used, or usually they don't use fish scientists, because it's not a scientist.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instant societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there, the huge paper that can be able to accomplish a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive, because the starting point has collapsed, and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that they provide, which allows them to erase their point of departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
And I think the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation from the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay 500 years ago.
And you'll notice that the nuances and the wholeness are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people get together with the movie, I'll talk about the story of Potter, why do you get the images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, to make``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Atal, the YouTube trends manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos become viral and what important importance of that.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedian -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, the news copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make the Internet famous in a sanctuary.
They climb over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a small percentage gets viral, receives countless visits and making cultural modification.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, communities of participation and surprise.
Okay, let's start.
Beau Vasces: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
High, wow!
KA: Last year, Beck Venus published this video outside his house at the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the players in the popularity of popularity last summer.
Beachy doesn't propose to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a rainbow.
That's what you do if you call the Mose Mountain Beddiver.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy River.
Jimmy River published this tank that would catch the video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy River presents us, new and interesting things, and they will spread them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Blue: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start the Friday . You all want to get the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday . You start Friday . KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Registration Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like``rainbow rainbow double ,"this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask about those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, the Tom Tom and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mister Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends are adopting a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pages in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the classic entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the profit, or doing something new with that.
\" Neighbor Cat"is an animation with a proper music.
So, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet technology of the Internet.
There was remix.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, all of a remix community that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Arctic Robert ,"or``Reagan Cat"or``New York"?
What's the script that I could have written in this situation?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected, it can highlight the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that protest against the collection of cyclists in New York, I admit that I'm not interested in too much.
Casey Olympics: I was frustrated by not circular by the bike, but often there are obstacles that prevent you properly by the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise, and your humor, Casey Okay, made five million watched and understood its idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things we do in a creative form.
And all this leads to a big question.
Beau Vasces: What does this mean?
Hey.
KA: What does this mean?
trends of trend, creative community communities, completely unexpected, are features of a new type of media, of a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Biber, started in YouTube.
They don't ask to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the ones of the current media, but they define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
So, imagine while the communist comes in, they're going to get the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now broke it.
It's reduced in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My homework was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to clap them, but we pulled it out.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to the sunrise, siliconcarous to the sea.
My mother, Mau, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a confusing marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year-old, which challenges the fiction, a boat went down into the disguised sea sea.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragment with poison.
If they captured us, we first would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, it's going to be suspended in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the bravery's worth of men in our boat, or the engine died and couldn't run for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him; and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee field, we decided to male in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fortune, a kind of worker, whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I was born, in Fortune, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the English fragments would be exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double momentum.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a degree in IT.
We were poor.
Every dollar were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, which was generally clothing; it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird songs and painful eyes on the``executive eyes"and some graffiti:``Asian, come home . ''
How?
Something in me is hardened.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to get them out . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be statistics and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and inflation, and the trauma kids trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
They were creating centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was classic Asian student, involving what I was demanding from myself.
In the other one, I was rooted in premature lives, tragically passed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many people received aid over the years.
And because of that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian year.
And I was calculated from a piece of puzzle to the other, but its edges didn't fit.
As read, anonymous resident from Fortune, it was now so much Le, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routines, and at the comfort of life in a suburb suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years, and they were telling each other on each day and stopped asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got up to the boat.
\" No"had ever been an option.
\" Do ,"he said,``And you're not what you don't . ''
So I talked about youth and education and determination to the marginalized and the reserving.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the frontier of possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a needle race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newborn coming, new on the scene -- and not just that it's okay, but it's something that's grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being inside can easily mean collapse the horizons, it can easily be to accept the presumption of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world gets fired, but not the way we fear.
They wouldn't have been allowed to be a tremendously encouraged device.
There was an energy there, an incurable optimism, a rare mixture of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for whom the slogan``can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I did a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until well in the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move the United States.
From a single journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later I had moved, and adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Congress was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life had no change for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, he became aware of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
No support of his husband, he caused a replacement to sue and take the cause herself, and much more restore caused when they won.
The can't make it prove to be wrong.
I was on the shower in the quarter of a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 kilometers, in Melbourne.
I looked through the morning of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fortune, and we sat around her casket.
We told him stories, and we made sure we were still with her.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the wing.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
And I asked the monk,``Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
\" They haven't jumped it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who have arrived in our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily agreed.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder on the boat.
Who could want that to know?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, your life, you can be courageous in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that you didn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give them and see them safe, I would do it.
Troy Neuroscience and also the mother's mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Super Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian event``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days, when Indians wanted to travel to a car and we would hold the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Archie, the great Indian warrior prince, had silk, pulled out a bow and with a plastic on the ground, got water.
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we knew was that machinery had replaced magic.
And that really excites me.
Every time I felt a little more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a journey if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his relative passion of pocket.
And this technological piece of 50 was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and natural in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we smell.
It makes our inspiration.
That's why I got launched, threw me to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
The books of the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we.
They'll take the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
storytelling becomes more and more multicultural.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kevin, an interactive application for iPad.
It says,``I put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I wrote my name.
And so I became a book character.
And in several moments, it comes to me -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl got excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean wizards and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we're taking of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And really, you light your way into what you're in the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a child was that a whole galaxy, in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I would drag into this magical device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, fuzzy and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary.
These are the apartments.
We've all heard about the fairies and the snow, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the apartments?
These poor apartments have been trapped in India's cameras for millennia, in an old book and a book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with today's issues like the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, they pay their PCs, they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had lots of collections: sticks, stones, guides and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it anymore.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A child from India says,``Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Inside the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video turned on, and by the way, you see a group of animated doors that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At one point, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you're going to be able to get you to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology moves one another.
We take the energy out of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of things fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University Radio was destroyed to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she was a little cup of coffee or tea, and I asked patients, family and acquaintances: what happens?
\" How can we help them?
And we used to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the students in the classroom fail, because we stop listening.
This is my scarce Wi-Fi . It's a very simple thing.
It's got a joint of fire.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple that every time I connected, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him too . So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that I need cartoonist or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning connected me to my favorite Wi-Fi, and before I climb up to my car, people start talking: Lucus, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure pressure to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week.
This little stick connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share them with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they're going to recover control and be captains of their own boat, but it also can help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the trigger of the costs of measured attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
They will perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Maines.
And also where all the gas gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest challenge to help this patient?
We asked, but no one was going.
No one knows where to get the description saved lives right now.
And what we did was to make criticism in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to: If you look at a destination, please send it, the drones where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Latin, augmented reality, to find these Descent.
And every time you're in the city of Massachusetts and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your phone from Microsoft to find the nearest encounter, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not only as a descent, not only as a result of the product, but also as Africans.
And we want to start globally.
We're asking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the devices of the disasters around the world.
Every time you're out of vacation and someone collapsed, you can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies all over the world that could help us to value these things.
They could be messaging services or telephony people, for example, to see if the trigger that's shown is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it a photograph?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the squid.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the same time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that I started when you press the lung.
photos like this: a building on a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at a time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realistic, I say photosynthesis.
Because of course, it's not something I can capture, but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's got more to do with capturing an idea which is to capture a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them real?
Is the details or the colors?
Do you intervene the light?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality, and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if there was.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's give them the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic, I think it's those where we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But when you combine pictures, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be seen wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the photos combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images meet these requirements; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect unit.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made.
This is another example.
And I might think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas in danger the ideas that have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a pump of stone.
And yes, I even did red the top of the island so that it looks cooler.
So to make a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and it's very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing the details but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of Richard microprocessors versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this, like a lot of others we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talking about technology with technological curves is something novel.
Something weird happens here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please take the lights.
It needs more intensity because I would write on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if you draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to chart, the diagram would look ridiculous.
: It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you graduate, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a similar curve, would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it gives a qualitative change.
If transportation technology will move as fast as the microprocessors, last morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move on to that rhythm.
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a growth that every few years are advancing orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- look at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
And one of two things will happen.
Or it will become a typical curve, like this until it comes up something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
That's what we're going to be in the middle of a transition.
On this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask about, and ask, is, what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What new state is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child, the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
There's a transformation that happens . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because it will all be so different that what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at long-term things.
The time scale I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 billion years when Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals organize, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there's theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil patterns with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the outside materials and so forth.
And they started divided.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil patterns.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contains an random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide themselves, they're an unequal distribution of the chemicals that contain.
So every single car was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow get better than the time to incorporate chemicals, they grow more, they get more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we didn't understand really well these patterns learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they went through this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolve about 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each being alive is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that try to hide the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA clip and amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for everyone present; in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was an email would have put it in a virus, and I would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy for another billion years.
But then another great interesting step happened in which things got very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are lots of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survive or fail together, and if a community was very successful, all the individuals in that community were getting more favorite, and they were favorable for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close that, in fact, they got together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a chain of DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multitasking community.
We have lots of cells that are no longer acting alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they were produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started absorbing information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those mobile communities build.
In fact, they started specialized within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat some fruit because I knew bad, and the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years because of the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the necessary time to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a little bit, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in their heads that hold some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turned it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That's now allowing us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started making abstractions.
Now we move for periods similar to multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The telephony, the computer, the tape tape, the CDIS, etc . It's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that led us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You see the evolutionary example of the T in which I produced some evolution with the Conversation program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the timescale scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you was a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, language and so forth, took less than a million years.
And the next, like the electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is forgived; I guess that self-driving is the right word to name something that will accelerate its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is forgived.
But I get my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work for to design would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that process of connections.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Theological Mallappare, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't have before, much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes jobs that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence sequences of instructions?
Could you be able to run these sequences of instructions at random, do all those programs, and take those that most approach to what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random instructions of instructions, they order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
Let's get those and eliminate the rest.
And now I represent the ones that are best ordered.
And we go back to reproduce following a process of analog record to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, which are going to enjoy children, who will exchange survivors, and that children will inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Let me calculate again.
It's some mutations introduced.
And it tries again and it tries with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that were absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, weird programs.
But it takes the meaning.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
It was once in a 747 with Martin Minister and pulled a card and says,``Look at this.
It says,``Well, airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight ."Doesn't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than produce normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much faster.
I mean, they're forgived.
Things goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all of these technologies will recover.
We're waking up.
And we're at an analog moment that the single-celled organisms became multicellular.
We're the amoeba, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of whatever comes.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of.
I think we have to do something with a part of medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been taking enough time to allow me to get a part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out,``Rumit the rules"-- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm focusing on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300, a battery that's 300.
That means that the bat biomass effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being caught, and anyone who tries to throw it into the first base, doesn't get time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts about 10.
You know how to call a 300 dollar battery in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what you call a $400 baseball battery?
By the way, that's someone than 10 strokes, it's going to be four.
Lebanon -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player in the Great League of baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have access, and you're derivatives to a surgeon that has also a 400 degree record.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place, and a loved one has two coronary coronary arteries, and your family doctor goes down to a cardiologist whose record in a closet is 200.
But do you know something?
She's improving this year.
And they have been 256.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of access from a heart surgeon or orthopedic, or a nurse or a genetics.
Very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all of medicine knows the advent of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradox.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and it includes me, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever make a mistake and predict to figure out how to do well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in the medical school.
I was a computer scholar student.
Once, a fellow at high school said that Brian Goldiaci studied to a blood exam.
Which.
I studied in my little destination, in the nurse of the General General Hospital, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the edge, the diagnosis of the wild, and the usual difference.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the Cuban office.
And as much as it builds more and more knowledge.
And I went very well; I graduated with honor.
And it's from the medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then you know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole, because I was shocked from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the English lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when I brought to the English lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when it comes to a cardiologist, I'm going to attend to that patient.
And I can report to the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Francisco, I was sleeping.
I heard a solid sound.
And when the addiction, I heard a sound burned on both sides, which tells me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pump the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did, and I got to work on the treatment I would give you.
I gave him astronomy and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave her dinosaurs, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when he was eating the first mistake; he sent her home.
In fact, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home to his house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone or I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and consult it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to give up a complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that I ate was worse.
When you send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the English lady,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it's okay . ''
I remember that as it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the parameters took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad present in the stomach.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walk into the parking parking room where my car was to go home, and at that time I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there's another nurse, not the one I care about the Freudian lady before, but another one . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists are also afraid, but there's a participation in emergency, and it is that we see the patient's patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
\" Remember the patient who sent home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was okay.
But I came back and on the edge of death.
In the course of an hour of getting home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse, and his family called 911; the ambulance brought her to emergency with a 50 centimeters of Hell, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff unleashed all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and pulled up to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stability was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go . The lady fraud, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I got punished by it and experiment for the first time that there's in our medical culture and sat alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The massive shame I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't because of my boss; he was a charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I'm going to put things out and make sure that they didn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why would send her home?
And in my worst moments, why do I eat such a dumb mistake?
Why do I choose medicine?
A little bit of that feeling, it was discovered.
And I started to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was to cut the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little bit colorful.
He would give him penicillin, and he sent him home.
But while he was headed to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked to talk to me properly in his office.
And it shows three words: you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
So he came back and didn't have a skeletal feature.
He had a potentially deadly approach called electronics.
You can search for Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the top air, and it can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, not failed.
It's an antibiotic manager, and they recovered in the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reptiles, and then I was relieved, and I came back to work, until over and over again and again.
Twice at the same turn of urgency, they're not disappointed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it gets 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discount.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation.
They heard a kidneys of kidneys, but it turned out, a colleague who was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered him liquid to relax and asked my colleague to review it.
And I checked it up, and when you noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant, I called the surgeon.
They both were operated and recovered well.
But every case, I'm embarrassed, I was going to get away.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a struggle.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vulnerability that tells me what's really going on, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them that don't make the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a trauma in my hospital loved the wrong leg, believed that I would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and those who don't sleep and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that do have a great result of results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts attack that person.
We have the idea that if we get away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about a lot of distribution and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad health care and medical mistakes to learn how possible possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program,``White County, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in every 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or deregulation is not right . In a system where the hospital-acquired infections are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 Canadian marriages are killed in this country.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about barbed rewards, because we're not discovering the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The sleep deprivation invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes up with the eyes of tears, and with alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars . They don't repeat their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, no one's going to stay.
And with it that people don't want to talk about their more serious cases?
In my program,``white Delato, Black Art ,"is already a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell you all, from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"And I would steer the microphone
And their students would stop, go back, go down their head and get out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a rediscovered medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and it doesn't get rid of your mistakes, but it's effort to learn from learning to others.
He shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead to the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes occasionally.
My name is Brian Goldiacis.
I'm a redefining doctor.
I'm a human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I'm really effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with it.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions do you take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey for more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose an average American, is about 70 a day.
Not much, in a research followed for a week to a group of presidents of business.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are picked by these executives and the time that they work on making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 139 jobs a week.
Naturally, every work includes a lot of minerals.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about their choices.
You know how many people belong to the nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How do you calculate the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choice to choice.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a stick.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of options?
Thank you.
I'm a graduate student at Stanford University, free this very, very high supermarket -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Desertify.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water, and this was when we put water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but I was like, why did I never buy anything?
This is the olive oil shelf.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I said,``Does this strategy work well for all these choices? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
So, we decided to do a little experiment with marketing.
Stop.
They had 125 different classes.
We installed a post to melt, right to the entrance of the store.
We put it out there from six flavors, or about 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what's the case people were willing to stop trying to test the marketing?
More people were stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent, that when there was only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a memory jars.
So here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that were stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
The ones that they stopped when there was six, we saw that 30 percent was bought.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy refrigeration if they found six.
Well, they decide that we don't buy refrigeration, it probably makes us, the less it's good to build the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload of options affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this didn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Hurricane, Emmedia Kamen and Wei Jane, where we looked at the decisions of savings for about a million Americans, between about 650 plans of this country.
We're interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in retirement plans for retirement, the 404 program, we're destroying people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation.
We had 650 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
And we found that the bigger the number of funds offered, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the participation rate declined at the 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were unable to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As much more options, they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we rebuild to optimize financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences in offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that it makes the decision, which is still when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, the finance and the health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they're objectively getting better.
The main reason is that we pay for looking at that gigantic variety of vast, mustard, vinegar and marketing, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose that impressive exhibition.
Today, I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tested, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse their business.
The first is, cutting.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, which is less.
People always get upset when I say,``Cortex . ''
They care about losing space in the attack.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll get the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Propal & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Street to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Golden Cat corporation removed the products for cats that are less sold, they increase the users in 87 percent, for two causes: greater sales and lower costs.
You know that the supermarkets of today, in average, provide 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart, it's about 100,000 products.
But the largest thing in the world today is Alexande and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how choices are going to be better, is David Lawrence's plan, the Harvard program.
All the employees at Harvard are automatically engaged at a security fund.
Those who really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees,``Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you cannot make your customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience, some vacation with all paid to the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read, and then I want you to give you a applause if you're ready to take the supply of Gary.
( Children applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I really get more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information on the first round, than in the second one, but I can give you that you thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This leads me to the second technique to deal with the problem of choices, which is concrete.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit, than when it uses effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shakespeare Benjamin and Alexander President, about personal IBM staff who worked in IBM, and these people were in a meeting in which they were approaching a 401 plan.
At that meeting, that we put out exactly how we used, we did a small addition.
What we added was that we gave the staff to the staff who would think of positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
And with this minute, there was an increase in the 20th percent levels and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Wired supermarkets, it's along the north row, the magazines can contain from 33 different types to 688.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to differentiate.
These are two limbs of jewelry.
One is called Jack and the other,``Seland . ''
If you think that the one on the left is Shangha and the one on the right is Jack, it gives a stick.
( Children applause) Well, there are some.
If you think that the one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Shangha, I give a stick.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Shanghai . But do you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to choose, not that defined them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds lists.
Do you suppose who's informed?
My fourth category: Computer complexity.
It turns out that we can manage much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision; the purchase of a car.
This is a German fan of cars that allow us to completely personalize.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Color, outside color of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motors, box of change; four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from little options, four boxes , 56 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you're always playing the button for sports in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed, it's: you're losing them.
We find that those who go from many choices to a few of them, take the button for sneakers over and over again, and another.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, keep there.
Same information, same number of options.
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn how to choose.
Even though they choose the box of change, it doesn't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration, all of us prepared to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more engaged with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choices: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives -- controlled, making it real; classification, we can handle more categories with less options; they will build complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives -- or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
I think that the key to getting the best of an election is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Germany East Germany, if you had a typewriter, I had to register it to the government.
And I had to register an example of an example of an example written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of texts.
If they found a writer with the wrong message, they could track the footprint until the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't conceive that someone could do this, how much this is going to limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots printed on every page that follows a pattern that makes them themselves and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody looks like a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can add the attacks according to their attacker.
There are three main groups.
They're the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gulf in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyberspaces to make a lot of money, huge amounts.
There are really many cases of online, bullying, that won money with their attacks.
This is Vladimir Tanzania, from Toronto, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gonother.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Berlin Sunshine.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tanzania Alhambra, etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortune, but they do it by illegal media through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of the U.S., two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jalia, and this account had 1.2 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain walked off; he's destroyed his paradox.
And I say that today it's more likely to be a victim of a circle than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have displaced over the last 12 months to occupy a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, the markers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like the Diamond.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Digital is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
It declared the course of the last fall because of a synapse.
They hold the safety of the site and they perpetuate a cyber.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they were planning to prioritize the death of people because of the distribution to Divores.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do the certificate do?
Well, you need if you have a website with steps, services, structure, services like Gmail.
Except it's going to be a foreign certified authority.
And they're going to be able to get rid of a certificate.
And in the case of Diamond happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt the protesters killed the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this calculation called``Federation . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a company with silk in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 38,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
That is, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments so that they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Egyptian train was found, a train used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes beyond.
You're interested in connection to the Internet.
It's going to use even tools like the School train to infect our computer with a train to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to the online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be``Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of security privacy.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we recognize today, it will be forever.
Do we focus blind in any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
National Park's National Park has no fences in most south part, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one that I killed at night, and so soon we wake up in the morning, and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the masses, we think we're coming from the sky with our animals and all the land to catch them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up having a lot of lions.
Moons are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think there's so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, from six to nine, is responsible for their father's livestock, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions would give them fear.
But I realized that this was actually not serving, because even helping the lions to see the stable.
I didn't laugh . I continued.
A second idea was to use a scan.
I was trying to encourage lions to believe that I was near the stable.
But lions are very smart . They came the first day, and they saw the scan, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would look at and turn the lights off.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
It was all about it.
As you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little box, and I call it a transformation.
And the box is going to make the lights flash.
As you can see, light bulbs go out, because that's where lions come from.
And that's what lions see when they come from night.
The lights flash and deceive the lions to think I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have problems with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if he could put the lights out.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopards, and also being used to hold elephants from the farms.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, North International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even led my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put it.
So a year ago, it was just a kid in the springs of the savanna passing my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he told me that someday would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
I hate . What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turing: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA: A close electric?
RB: I know the electric fences were invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: You know, you've got it once, right? And you...(R: I've tried it before, but I got a crash . CA: At the foot of the cannon . Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to take it out in every step that you know, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . RB: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
I grew up singing a song called``Not envy nothing . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spend all the time studying Kim II history, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
Although I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day in 1995, my mom brought me a letter from the colleague of my sister.
That said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead in the street, holding a child climbing in his arms watching his mother's face without doing anything.
No one helps them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge ripped famine in North Korea in the mid-'70s.
At the end, more than a million Norwegians died during famine and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more frequently, the energy cuts, all around me was completely dark at night except for the lights of the sea in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which is a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very upset in certain points, allowing us to navigate secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to go back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as normal refugee.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because refugee refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was actually made, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was involved in the police station.
Somebody was accused to be normal, and then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sport.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an official told another,``This was a fake report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans in China are looking for asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese and sports police.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These bombs weren't so lucky.
Every year, countless navigation are captured in China and sports in North Korea, where they're tortured, imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of its world can be shot in a moment.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Now, let's settle in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We're all Korean, but in the inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
It even goes through an identity crisis.
Am I sustainable or surf?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there wasn't a country that could call a pride.
Even though I'm going to adapt to the life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the rise of income to university.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korean authorities would have some money that sent my family, and as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Normalists have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I went into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
I asked the identification of everyone, and I started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, it's instantly stood up, and I told him that they were deaf people who were accelerating.
I looked at me very much, but fortunately I believed.
We did all the way to the garden border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border illegally.
After paying for guards and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Ladies.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was resolved in prison to short distance from the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or salaries.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two other storytellers and to get them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the villagers . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown quality symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian town when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community is really the rays of hope that the atomic village needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help us give us an opportunity to thrive with international support.
And I'm sure you're going to see more and more normally triumph around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is South Central: microwave stores, fast food, barren terrain.
So the city planners were gathered together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central so that it represents something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles: microwave stores, fast food, barren terrain.
Just like 16 million other Americans, live in a food desert, the South Central Angeles, home of the food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in the South Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm comfortable to see that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home, you see the effects that the food system has in your neighborhood?
I see the wheelchair of wheels and sold as cars used.
I see pollen dialysis centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes away and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a field of land we call a gardening.
It's 45 feet Fahrenheit.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep them.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility, and I have to keep them . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Group, we get together and started planting our forest forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we're doing, we're kind of a group of a group, and we're going to compete by gardens of all the predators, all over the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came up to me, and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden, the birth was made graphic order.
And I said,``Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters?"So I was like,``Well, let's get it up . ''
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lego, and I talked to the advice and one of the members of Green Group, who put a petition in Charlie , 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My context even called to say that I would breathe and worship what we were doing.
I mean, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more land terrain.
It's 60 miles from clean terrain.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 125 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look good at this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of honor will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my shot, when I tell people, they cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Center.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
I laughed to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art.
As a graffiti artist, who embarks walls, I managed soils, the gardeners.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my ambassadors of that canvas.
You're surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is, how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
It would be surprised to see how kids affect.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an urgency.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, and a mother came and his daughter, they were like 100 o'clock in the night and they were in my garden, he came out and looked very upset.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when you see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear people are going to steal your food? ''
I say,``Oh my God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal . ''
It's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to go back your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter to shoot in downtown Los Angeles.
They were these guys, they helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared my stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Group has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow together, the kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes, but if none of these are taught, if you're not taught how your food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind people, what you're going to put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in . I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which is not going to take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who get rid of their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Cartoon.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to support it.
What I'm talking about is putting people to work, bringing kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become extinct, excuse them, gas gardens.
We have to change the script of what is a hat.
If you're not a gardener, you're not a hat.
What the retailers take their stick right?
That is your weapon of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see it, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see it, come to garden with your foot so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( ivory sound) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially in days like today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that's coming out.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle, and these cars happen, that's not very pleasant.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make portable asphalt roads.
The porous portable, a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands, has pores and the water can pass through it, so all the rain water flow up to the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and it won't get water.
The noise also disappears in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What's getting rid of? You see that on this road, the surface stones come out.
First of a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, don't do that . But you can hurt your windshield, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create sticks with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Bageye, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous portable, as I said, so it just has a little amount of attack between the stones.
Because of the intervention, to the United States, to the oxygen, this attack, this battle, the glue between the robots, will be found, and if they get infected, they're going to be migrating and separated from them.
So, if you drive on the road, you're going to take the add -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of self-destruction materials.
If we can make this material behave, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean sanitation, and we can cut the steel line into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the block.
So we have a little bit with little pieces of steel wool on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
The infection can heat, especially steel, it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the block, the block flowing through these microbes and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big infrared machine here on stage.
microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to get to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, actually saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we were donated by a piece of road , 400 meters from the 1989 highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples aging, we put a lot of charges on them, we repair them then with our identity machine and repair them and test them again.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy of information to, actually, increase the life of the road on the road, even double the life of the road, and actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also works.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to face first before you can show how repairability acts.
But I'm going to make an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember waking up one morning with the sound of the judge in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were taken from Afghanistan and made illegal girls that the girls were to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we were able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us hit in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the time, school is suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban are suspected.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were terrified, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total discomfort of a remote province of Afghanistan -- insist that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father got it.
But my mother educators became teacher.
This is her.
He retired two years ago, just to turn our home into school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate their children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Hey, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So do you still want to go on? ''
I'm 22 years old today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the high school, and if my family had no state as committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Microsoft College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was kicked out of his home by the courage to educate her daughters, was one of the first ones in congratulate.
He didn't just get away from my university degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who's taken it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 10, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SETI, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to tap the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, despite and even in front of a daunting opposition.
As Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from SETI to his village, and literally, they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get home, you're the phone, a voice would warn you that if I keep sending your daughter to school, you'll try it back.
\" Make sure, if you want ,"he said,``But they don't harm my daughter's future for his old and break them ideas . ''
What I've realized is Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the people who we succeeded, there's a father who recognizes the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they're often the first compelling interactions of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I'm afraid these changes don't last much, after the retirement of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, who encourage them, I see a previous future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day the U.S. girls remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died on the exile:``daughter, resist Gaddafi . fight him.
But they never become a Gamble revolutionary revolutionary . ''
It's been almost two years since there was the liberal revolution inspired by the random movements of massive mobilization, both of the Tunisian Revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with many other iconic citizens, within and out of the country to call a day of anger and start a revolution against the theoretical regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, demanded the fall of the regime, carrying freedom banners, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example that's going to face the brutal dictator of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
And yet, Gaddafi left a heavy burden, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and seed seeds.
For four decades, the Germany area of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and the moral structure of the liberal society.
Now, awareness of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted a lot of other women, rebuild civil society, they're going to demand an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Benjamin during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trinidad.
After a 33 year-old period, I came back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm, started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women's Disease for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation to advocate for the social autonomy of women and by our right of participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model from the selfish domestic policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won about 160 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found violence news.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and subject.
Another day you love the American ambassador news, and the attack of the American ambassador.
Another day we wake up with the news murder of the Army officers.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violations of the human rights of prisoners and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarizing, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
International, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire us with our story of``criticized list"and the elections.
Now, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The criminal list and the artery between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarizing and dominated with selfish domination policies and exclusion, both men like women for women?
Maybe what missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election needed, which just reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualities of the female more than need numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an outrage agent and call the anger days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse, not only honor, but also put into practice the mercy instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately to achieve peace.
Because peace has an envelope that deals with the interaction and the artery between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real criminal.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it.
According to a version of the Koran``Salad"-- the peace --``is the word of the medical God, [unclear]. ''
At the time, the word``races ,"which is known in all of the open traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``races"-- uterus -- it symbolizes the female and the material, which fits all the humanity of which men and women, that all tribes and all the peoples have gone away.
And so, just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion nuclear the entire existence.
This is how it says to us,``My mercy is going to encompass all things . ''
This is how it says,``My miserable mercy about my anger . ''
It's all about the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a very daunting question, which has an equally disturbing response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody's doing is: Why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who paid him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I was just licensed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and a editor in the magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American shortcut Eric, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who created my twin soul, pointed to my head with a gun, charged with steel bullets.
The man, who loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, distribution of love, where it falls every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be your story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing of the Whole Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burness and The Washington Post.
I'm almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black player, and he led a minister Hong Oska.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all the levels of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the ratings are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long relationships, or, say otherwise, in families, the last place to be able to find violence, which is why we would expect to find violence.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who paid him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, your warning signals or your patterns.
I met Connecticut in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to me on the subway of New York, and it started to remove me.
It told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just about a college of a university of the Iran Levin, and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a guy in the field.
I had some big molecules like apples, and a broken hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it especially at the beginning, put in a pedestal.
We started coming out, and I loved all of me: I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, which I'd put passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I connect up in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that was why the undergraduate in that school pressure and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to be seduced and to make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I went from New York and leaving my dreams' work, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my work and Connecticut and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling into a crazy love, who was entering a head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react.
And this is where they go on the scene.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where Connecticut was supposed to feel so safe, he bought three guns.
I had it in the garage of the car.
Another one was saved under the pillow in our bed and the third time in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived in small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns were actually a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already serious, every minute.
The first physical attack in Connecticut happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me too much.
And I was very, very rare.
It was simply made sense of the wedding and in the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never harm me.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach, and I lost, and he gave me so hard in my head that I spent several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey, she looked at the traffic, and he threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Now, connect continued to fight one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence, or at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
And I go back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, in love with a deeply tormented man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congress face his demons.
The other question that everybody else does is: Why doesn't it just move?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally know: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a battered.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has put end to the relationship, after they march, because then the abused has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has become married, they have financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to take advantage of the victim and their children, who normally are forced by the judges to spend time not overlap with the man who pasted their mother.
And yet we keep asking why doesn't it just go?
I was able to go, because of a last Pakistani sex that comes my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you help me.
We have the tendency to stereotypical victims as spooky headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is yours for staying ,"as if the victims will be intended intentionally in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since they published``Long Love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories about men and women who also escape, who learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them and they were releasing their lives, joyful and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survivor of very typical domestic violence.
I was married by a cute and loving man, and we have those three kids.
I have that black vase and also that minority.
What I won't have even more, never, is a cheap gun pointing my head into somebody who says I want.
Right now, as you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hey, what silly was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, that they're being abused or that they were small or they are abused themselves.
The battered might be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love of love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse will just thrive in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They shake the mapping to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and their family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow up their climb and show victims a safe output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there's an awkward tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like that . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing shift on a TED stage, so you're very lucky to preserve, I think.
If some of the women are horrified when they appear, they don't have to tell me now, but they'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These titles are very uncomfortable; it's less wrong than I don't have to use it anymore.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
appearance is powerful, but also shallow.
I've completely changed what you thought about six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that you throw my back and take your hair out of the boy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, even though superficial and unchanging, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but they're honest.
The first question is, how does it get to be model?
And I always say,``A charting discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we have also associated with a high and affordable shape, and the female skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage that I've known to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait . There are Naomi, Terman, Joan Silicon, Lake Wei.
First of all, happy for knowing so much of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told each and every single model on the runway, and from the '60s models hire, only 27, it was less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's older?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is, why? You can be whatever you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a neurological surgeon and a poet, which would be awesome, because you're the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you might be the red chief of the American Voice magazine or the CEO & M executive, or the next Steven Miller.
To say, you know, you want to be model as saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the cardiovascular surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've already reached your studies, and you have a rsum and some jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, you know, if you said you want to be president from the United States, but your rsum said,``In the underwear model for 10 years, people would look weird . ''
The next question that people always make me is if all the photos are related.
And yes, it's basically spread all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bubble, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's what I was looking for with my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pajamas a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures.
They are creations from a group of professionals, penguins, makeup, photographers and stability, and all their help and payment and pollution, and they're able to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many cases of 20 inches and I never use it, except the previous couple, but the privilege that I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a driving press; it was jumped in red, and, of course, they stopped us, and it's based on a sorry, agent to be able to drive.
Enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for them no matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, of the 120,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 black and Latino young men in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me?
But how many times would I stop? And when?
By researching this talk, I learned that 53 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes down to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and cool.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe that's what it looks like.
We say,``It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people . ''
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said before them, is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask, do you have some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will it be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes more in fashion, but they're probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But above all it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that comes from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I didn't go to who I pulled them up.
There were no artistic directors, no standards, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care of lighting.
In fact, most of them put them up tourists.
My story begins when, in New York City, to give a potential, my wife gave me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That's the corner of the 57 and five.
It gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approached, my wife said to me, why don't you take Samantha to New York on a male trip and you continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has dreamed of the camera.
By then, we weren't aware of how much life would change us this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, so that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new milestone, and I can see life through his eyes and how he perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when all of a sudden, he stopped in dry, and he pointed out a red bluefin from the dolls of dolls that was tied up with little visits.
And I was describing what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart painful with strength to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one that pulls the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't want to get to somebody and ask them: Do you take a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Bases are in the most threatened bird group.
First, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter personalized, silly, stupid, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press press, applause and academics these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep clean in the environment, the parliament doesn't help prevent the spread of diseases.
It's hardly synonymous . They're far away from extinct . And, my favorite, the buses have better presence . There are two types of buses on this planet.
There are the New World blocks that are mainly found in the Americas, like colors and cards, and the slums of the Old World, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 facing a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the buses important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage collection.
They clean the carcasses to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb anthrax that they're not going to be for them, and causing great losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buses, the carcasses take three to four times longer in the decline, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
Basics also have enormous historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Newton was the symbol of the protective and the maternity, and, along with the cobra, he symbolizes the unit between high and the Lower Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Jane was the god forever, and he risked his life to save the Silicon Diet of 10 heads Raria.
In the Tibetan culture, it's very important, very important, open skies, in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or the wooden wood, so these foundations provide a system of natural elimination.
What's the problem with the buses?
We have eight species of blocks in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the passionate communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the buses are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of buses are on the critical list of extinction danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, they get extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with an animated drug like discussion.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there are no buses, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the dump of talents, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rage . The number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 35,000 snakes are going to be above the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them through half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible market of dead buses to serve the Union and the bat market.
So what's it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're getting transistors.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that travel through different countries, so focusing on a locally problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the buses, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you we need to focus on these very incomprehensible creatures, giving their time to spread the word . It will spread the word.
When they go out of this room, they're going to be informed on the blocks, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the buses.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed, because he saw them fly without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything I do professionally -- my life has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, young light, but I'm no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set in Africa failed.
And I was disturbing.
I thought, at 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, everything we played we crave.
Our first project, the one that inspired my first book,``There's a project where Italians decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zambia River, and we teach local people to grow Italian tomatoes and cales, and ...
Of course, people weren't interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help . We were amazed that local people, in such fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking ourselves how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we are here ,"`` Just to save the people in Zambia of famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa was pretty much grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato grows to this size . In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the cameras,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, ripe and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypotheses came up from the river and they ate everything, and we said to the cameras,``Oh my God, we filmed them! ''
And the cameras said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought that only our Italians were eating mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypotheses.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave them to the continents of Africa.
He wants to read a book, he read``Death Super"from David May, economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
He's a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impressive, missions, collaborations, and treat people only in two ways: or progress, or we're privileged.
The two words come from the Latin root, which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
Paradigms, I deal with any of a culture, as if they were my children,``I want you a lot . ''
Pressure, I deal with all of a culture of a different culture as if they were my services.
That's why white in Africa are called blue, boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face,``The small thing is beautiful ,"written by Schwarzzzzzzzzzkile, who said above all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, let's just give them out.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground, and he said,``Can you imagine a city that's not neurological? ''
I decided at the age of 27, just answering people, and I invented a system called Force Force, where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local passion, the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut out.
You never get to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you one idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, do you? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never attend, and they'll never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the company family's family, the business family doctor, who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a hopeful test, the city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get out of this confusing garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to ask,``How can you do that?
How can it do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I fell down and listened to them ,"then the government says,``Hello again ,"we've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the most great business advisers in history, passed back to '96, a few years ago.
Peter fraud was philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says,``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of business spirit.
So now you have Christopher rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people close to talk to you.
You've got to offer it cool, privacy, you have to be fantastic to help you, and then you get into mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What are you going to show up this morning?
Local people passionate . That's what you've applauded.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- non-lethal fossil, manufacturing fossil revolution -- and at one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The deal as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture, cure, we educate, transport, communicate seven billion people in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution? universities? Forget!
The government? Forget it!
It will be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an adorable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 1969, this group of people gathered, and I'm going to show you what will happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was usually: New York wasn't going to exist in 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to move to the population of New York to the surroundings, they required six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already drowning in dung . So, in 1969, they were divided this dirty technology that would take the life in New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 auto manufacturing companies , 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, it's scarceles, factories in parking places.
They stopped, Michigan . Henry Ford.
But there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them considerably.
Otherwise they don't come to talk to you.
Then you have to offer you an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And then, you know, you'll have to tell you the truth with it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three great things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born yet.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, President, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: none of it was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses in coffee cafe, in bars alongside their cartoons who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this email, someone who asked you, what does it need?
What can you do? You can do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for the money? ''
\" Oh no, I can't do that ."`` Would I want you to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like artists, templates and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we stop and ask to pay more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do our hopes share more to the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and our dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant rocks that give shadow to lovers, breakdowns and services for centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives birth to music . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the most abandoned properties of America.
I live close to this house and thought about how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me deep gratitude for the living time.
It gave the significant things in my current life.
But it turns out to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to get caught by the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I die . ''
So translations could take a chalk, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit on the line of date . ''
\" Before you die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
Before you die, I want to embrace it again . ''
Before you die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, they would destroy me, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and musical ways, and it's about giving harm to reflection and content, and remembering what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues, we made a kit, and now they've been done walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distractions, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something we often avoid talking, or even thinking, but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that makes us more power.
It's going to think about death classification our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell you I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
Now, Romo is 22, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't speak, but it gets better joy than some of the best speakers.
Romo knows what love is.
It's unfortunately shared by what happens.
It's not puzzles . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to project words that I couldn't even remember, it reminds me one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very cool.
It puts the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chicken, but I remember the year I came out every single songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four, I would make a film in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Doesn't it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit up to the concept of society, they're often ignored and incomprehensible.
But what propelled my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, even though I didn't consider them inside the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autism and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it's different in each individual, from there that Romo is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes are diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders of development in the world, there's no cause and no cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months spent, I realized that he was different.
I'm going to scream a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested at me at all.
I was alive and raised in its own world, with its own rules, and I found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting the cars in rows around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that was between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the bees, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there's been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that it's things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
The normal thing happens by the beauty of the beauty, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to R and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift! Each of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time where we're trying to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what must have been Alice in the country of wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was scared . He really was scared . He was scared from these students with their big minds, their great books and their big words and their beautiful words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And I just felt like I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our greatest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know what we don't understand about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, with simple people.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy, and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer: and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't just tell us that they study the tragic, but they study the trends, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they're kind of encouraged and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, they forget the signs of bullet.
You've wondered why they call bullets? What do bullets do? The bullets kill, and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's going too much in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelmed.
Instead, this film of example of General Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of travel is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legible sentence, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then you will provide graphs that affect our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it's described.
I think these are just some keys that can help us open the door and see the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, testing with simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words in the entire dictionary of Oxford English is``diagnoses . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``bending"means``dishonest policy . ''
Although there was a periodic editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said,``A standards ,"it's here to look for a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that, when it wins, you get it by the use of a monumental versus a monitoring versus a montalogical versus a montalogical versus a montalogical versus a
I have no idea what it means``refugee . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1974 that Parliament Brazil allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was thanks to the bravery of a guy with the name of British Cross, who faced Parliament.
They showed him in London's Tower and he was incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and finally he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first record use of the phrase,``That's how bad the metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all sorts of suggestions that might be frustrated.
Some of you wanted to call``Washington State ,"and others,``His African George Washington ,"and another``Defenses of the Freedom of the United States of the United States . ''
Not very frightening.
Some of you just want to call it``King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that, they were monograps, they had the idea that you could be elected king for a certain deadline.
And it might have served.
Everybody gets immensely tired, because this debate is produced for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator, and I always wrote,``Still with this issue . ''
What caused the portrait and the fact was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The representative chamber didn't want Washington to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call it king, if I was going to give him to his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, more insidious, more pathetic title that came to them.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was already before, but it only meant``someone who predicts a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term``foreman"or``supervise . ''
There were presidents from small colonial disparities and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate got up.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it president . ''
\" This guy has to sign treated and meet foreign diagnostics . ''
\" And who will take it seriously with such ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't hear.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been able to make the president's title.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we're waiting for 22 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the United States's degree of President doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads, the largest economy in the world and a flow of non-lethal aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have fallen to the title of great.
So, finally won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity for then.
But, you know how many nations have now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads, etc.
So at the end, the won won and the President of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that now are the president of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the modern reality is much more the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded out of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweaty bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk, but mostly, that cacophony of male things and stones are starting with primitive tools.
Like each other, I've got a cheap light flashlight attached to the head with this analyze, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that hold the walls from that hole of a subway that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
My hand was solved, and all of a sudden I remember a miner that I met days before, which lost control and fell infinitely subway in that pump.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep at that hole risk their lives without paying, and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're press from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Cassini Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met a sentence of a face, a NGO that was devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not that degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad; honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made by a stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the solar, and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of them even consider them my second home.
But this time, I sold the dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people now enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the entire deal of transformative slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about $50,000 today.
But today, today you can enslave it to entire families by generations per 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without paying, under threat of violence and can't escape.
The slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Dan.
immersed in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, the entire families wrapped up in a heavy pack of powder, and they stack mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at a time, and they take them from the burning oven to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
It's developed by the monkey and the tiredness work quietly, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe deregulation made it pee to be pretty useless.
So so penissier was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning, and I sat there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the article that was on my side quickly grabbed me up and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I'm very clearly going to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
It could put them in a worse situation that they were already.
I had to trust the satellites and work inside the system for their liberation and trust that they got it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids crawling stones for miles by mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big planes were more heavy than the kids who charge them, and the kids took them up to their heads with straps made of sticks, ropes and rags.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying because this has been like that all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were collecting their freedom, the slaves burned up by their houses.
When we hear the slavery word we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, I was warned to be difficult to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was shocked by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some angry stairs that were going to this dirty, single light of light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was more a restaurant.
So pressure, as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where the slaves -- with their girls and children, some of all seven years are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
And standing in the pregnancy, I remember having sense an acute fear fear, and at that instant, I barely could imagine what's going to be stuck in that hell.
I only had a exit: the stairs where I entered.
There were no hind doors.
There were no windows big enough to climb.
Those people have no escape, and because we have a very difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I saw Indian villages where there were expansion families enslaved in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait.
The theoretical hands of black are the father, the textbooks of blue and red, from their children.
You mix tastes in these big barrels, and you dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, we can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our work . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family on a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, does it make sense right?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work with extra surveys on these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; he feared his little canoe out of it.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the trees of the trees in the Voyager are often catching networks and children, relatives and fear, they spread into water to break the branches.
Many are drowned.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of their love, it's not going to flee and, as a whole life has been treated with cruelty, it's convicted about the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one one.
On the cold and salt night.
And it has to point out that these networks spend over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter where he was facing the sense of slavery.
And Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make a difference in their life?
They drive on a road in Ghana with the solar street, the same collection with his motorcycle, and he suddenly agreed and pulled out our car and played the window.
It asked us to do it by a way to the forest.
At the end of the road, he invited us to go out of the car, and he asked the driver to go fast.
And then I pointed out this path just visible and said,``This is the way, this is the way . We go . ''
As we started down, we took the remoteness that blocked the way and after walking about an hour, found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photos of photos on my head as we were going down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the singing path ended up abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had kids strapped on their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in water poisoned with mercury.
The mercury is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a manhole somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet, and these people carry heavy stone bags that then be transported to another area that they would kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be filled with strong men and victims, but if you look closer, we're looking at other people's less lucky, and also children.
They're all victims of injury, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this machine ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the experimenter for mercury in a few years.
This is Manhattan . When his father died his uncle, her uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, I'm sorry the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years, and the leg of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and yet it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Even like this, he dreams to be released and educated with local activists like the solar, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we would get testimony of them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . They're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's not one day that happens that I don't think of these beautiful, battered people, that I've had the great honor of knowing.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that the force will turn on a fire and that fire will shine light on slavery because without that light, the beast of slavery can continue living in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for who does it: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We're determined by the virtues of the ballet and the clear dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitude that can be a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroyed gradually this extraordinary skill, as it does with my friend Jane Star, who, at his time, was a dancing virus of ballet.
There's been a lot of progress in the last few years.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable, humble, recording weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately the only way we can know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and brain metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological test of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do . It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a different journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
It wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to do as a way that's not conventional to try, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend wins Jane Starbuck.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as I'm emitting sounds at talking . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary . The Mola, for example.
And like ballet, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about the time it takes a kid to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom, you can see an example of irregular tremor from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
They shake vocal, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspired after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do these tests compare based on the voice of specialized clinical trials? Well, both are invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do that.
Both of them are precise . Okay, but also the testing based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be autonomous.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as much.
It's a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low: it appears to mass scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It wouldn't make it to the clinic for routine crash.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massively low-cost mass trials for clinical trials, and for the first time, they're familiar with a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Vander Voice Initiative.
Together to accumulate and Palestinian, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines accessible to about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can be called low price and leaving recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, take all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who isn't?
What do you get from these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah, yeah . What happens is, during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for reading the confusion factors in search for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MT: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thomas, I have to advertise it, has done fantastic work, and now it has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, what you're looking at the project.
TR: New and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MK: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max constraints, public.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, he made photographic seals in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the naked models even more thin, the perfect skin is even more perfect, we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my home, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hande volunteers, it was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 of May I traveled to Shaker.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the pill of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The level of water recorded over 24 feet tall, and over three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the town was devastated.
We took debris from the channels and the guards.
We cleaned up schools . We took the mud and we left the houses ready to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We took tons and tons of death fish, apples, local factory.
We came up and loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and 3D cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
We'll collect them and bring them to different places of the villages around them to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
While they were in the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in an assessment center of the village.
He helped clean the common toilets, the huge, giant banks.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the assessment center picked up the photos.
There they took them, and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, and I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I was my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some of them who were over a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't help to think about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to shoot the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too hard, but where the water had divided the face of the girl, he had to fix him with a lot of precision and depression.
Otherwise, that little girl would have no aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
Over the time time, they came up with more photos and they needed more relationships, so it was in Facebook, and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people who are willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to McGuined, a neighboring village north of Yemen.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their pictures.
The time that you've been able to take it is a different story, depending on the waste of the photos.
It could be an hour . It could make weeks.
It could make months.
This film had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in saltwater, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that together with the time's time continue to destroy them, which is why you shake it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't shoot the picture unless they were clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleanliness by hand.
We've got the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to hurt the photos even more.
As I once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to the photos.
He had begun to wipe herself up, but he stopped to realize that he's even more.
I also had duplicate.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we could flap the images in one photo and shoot the whole picture.
When I pick up your pictures shared something from your story with us.
Some of their husband's colleagues found the photos in a fire station between the rubble pretty far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers in the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was caught in the water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that they had all survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son turned 14.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do that, something that he could go back to look at, something that could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been labeled by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,000 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us clean up with more than 13,000 pictures, the vast majority of them -- the big majority of their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us get back to 90 families of fully restorative and display photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, one place, a relationship, someone dear.
They are guardians of our memories and stories, the last thing we would get, but the first thing we're going to be looking for.
This is about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to bring someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this gets back to someone, it's a huge difference in the life of the person receives it.
This project also makes a big difference in the life of the exhibition.
Some of them connected them with something bigger, to return something, using their talent for something that's not a thin skin model.
To end I'd like to read this email, I sent it Cynamity the day after six months.
As I relax, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One particular one, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved me down, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother, I and my newborn daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the time, our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc England inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that passed an apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go one million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph: the feminist, a new technique that can create video in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenges the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and turn into a second biocomy, and it's in several dimensions to create a photons of photons of just a millimeter.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons dispersed inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a neocortex is what it takes on traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Now, Coca-Cola doesn't adopt this research . There's a lot of things in this movie, and I'll figure out this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes in in the bottle with a photons of photons that starts to go through and, inside, starts to shoot.
Part of the light broke, goes to the table, and we started seeing these arms.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, waves travel along the table, and because of the top of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that reflect is concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it round the same distance and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us sitting to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, all year.
It would be a very boring movie of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about a dead nature?
You can see the waves that get off the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, thought, of a festival at a time, but of course our eyes see an integrated composition.
But if you look at this tomato time, you'll realize that as light gets stuck out of the tomato, it's shining . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce in its interior, and it comes back and forth after several scientists in a second.
In the future, when this phenomenon is on their mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a picture to low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we're going to make a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so it's just going to come into some light.
We sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very rough synchrony, we took those gigabytes of data and we intertwined them to create those similarities that I showed you.
We can take all that data in raw and process it in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a suicide future will allow you to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . bounce out, enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light cells.
It's not science fiction . We've already built it.
On the left, it's our generation.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like that fast, our generation has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it does.
When you project a laser, you can record a photo, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, put them together and try to analyze the multiple light records, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build entities able to see the inside of the body that would be supported, and the same for charity.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request to the scientists so that they start thinking about feasibility as a new modality of visualization to solve the problems of imagination in the next generation.
Just like Doc Earth, he himself is a scientist, turned science into art, an art of ultraviolet photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code.
And we look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few scientists in the second.
But here also something fun happens.
If we look at the waves under the top, they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
So what happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved seeing this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, it can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone you can record a song, you can go up to Congoing and make famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a chip of 1984 and alive in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are protected in search for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered that protest for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Learning.
Raise your mobile phones, library!
Learning . A Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm talking about me, my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Ratio data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . company presented a directive.
He's in the Data Director.
This directive says that every telephone company, every Internet provider of all of Europe, has to store a wide range of information of users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or their Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data retreat.
We want the self-determination in the digital era, and we don't want the phone to store the Internet, and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everyone said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said this would be the Star 2.0.
This was the secret police in Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use your mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Democratic Telescope, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please sent me all the information they had about me.
I was asked once, and I came back to them, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're protecting my life . ''
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Democratic Telescope said no, we won't get this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
And they would give me the demand, and they sent me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the Germany for the German Law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand different lines of information.
I first saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data ratio means.
So, next to Z Online and One Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go away, go backwards and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going to France in the train to colony, and how often I call the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's about all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends, and they're called each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, what hour sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who sends you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Stalin would have known who was involved in this protest, and if the Stewart had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The rest of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in fact, it's not the fall of the Higgs Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home, they tell their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value that's not happening.
When you go home, you tell your representatives that only because business and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that serve you to remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Mauritius, and I'm not angry, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, supporting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I'm going to play it all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting.
And Muhammad Al.
The P C is not genetic.
It's not concrete or it can be hired.
No one wrong the uterus of my mother and not control because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened at birth.
Now, I'll warn you, I'm not an inspiration source.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Come on.
Christmas service, they're in the commercial center, driving in circles in search of parking parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And you think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P C is just one of them.
If there was a oppression of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Clinton, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I want to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can [unclear]. ''
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system and assured that I was also, and if we didn't get all the maximum note we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five to put my toes on his feet and just walk.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The stratosphere that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the childhood garden walked like a bird champion that has received many taps.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11 and the politicians would think about using``hate Muslims"as a campaign.
The people I grew up with had no problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to be very concerned that they died of starvation during the range.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating, so you get from dawn to the dusk, it's very easy.
He was born in Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a chip, so if my friends used tanks, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In summer vacations often, my father was trying to heal, so I drank milk from the deer, they put hot cups on my back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a whistling comedian that I couldn't stand up with.
And now I can hold in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, the University of the Arizona, because it was in all of you.
It was like the text department of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the U.N. decided to do a work called very slow dance in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming the four winds,``Oh, you'll have a paper!
I have brain palsy!
Anyway, free!
Thank God all-powerful, I'm free . ''
I didn't get the paper . You gave it to Sierra Brown.
And I went to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought he couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, you can't get the character . ''
It was a role that literally had been born and gave it to an actress without brain palsy.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a silk story of hearing actors without disabled roles.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first actor tour was like extra in a telescope.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it's going to be``roommate"to``better friend ,"in a sanctuary.
Instead, I stayed there like a vase, I didn't see me more than the cloud, and it was evident for me that the repair directors would not hire the arts, not white actors, with disability.
Just hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Goldberg, Rosetta Barack, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedians.
That's why I became humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comic comic, when I realized that I was at high speed for the highway of New Jersey with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first minimize of the Arab world.
I never like to remove the first place, but I know that you never hear that little unpleasant buzz that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Common comedy Festival of New York City now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the regulations in media, and at the same time to remember the directors of tracking that Australia and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program behind the wire with Keith Sabbath.
I walked into a graduate dance, they dragged me into a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the speaker desk to not get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
I end up having my opportunity and the deregulation . I knew you wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Japanese came back to invite me, but it was like a full-time participant and my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Japanese was that people on the Internet are scum.
Children are said that kids are cruel, but they're never teasing me or girls or older.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became objects.
I saw clips online with comments like,``Why am I? ''
\" Is it returning? ''
And my favorite,``Poor terrorist book.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for her . ''
One comment suggested even that adding my disability to my rsum: writers, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beijing can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled -- yes, clapping, man . Come.
The disabled is the largest minority in the world, and the most byproducts in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe no.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children well.
My journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came up with the red carpet funded by the division of the Tufit-wing Telescope and the Corner Arkeed club.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sandraviet and working with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I cut the world into``The Arabs have become insane . ''
I was a depression of the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``Malawis' Children ,"a charity organization to give the Palestinian refugee kids a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I put this talk to his memory.
They break in peace, Dad.
I call me Mauritius, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a small village in South Arabia.
This town is close to Mogadishu.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the brink of starvation.
Without anything for him there, he goes to the great city, in this case, Muldrippies, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, no work, no future perspectives.
He was living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a quiet year, nothing.
One day, a gentleman was approached by a gentleman that offers him to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people, who gives him a break.
You get a little money for you to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
He introduced a young man.
He finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, is a bomb car.
That child from that little town with dreams of the great care was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So, how is the story of a child of a small town trying to fulfill his dreams in the city end with he impressed it?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that took it from what we call``waiting period . ''
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized, young unemployed urban urban discussions in Johannesburg, described riots in London, who look for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people do not participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of waiting for hope, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang, will be the history of the 2.0 cities.
And in my hometown, Mogadishu , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Middle Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the horizontal hospital, thinking,``And if I would never have gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become terrorists?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to join some juvenile leaders in a corporate summit.
It brings up about 90 juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Advisor.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Verillary years of civil war have completely destroyed the viral system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
You see an opportunity and the leverage.
It started a motorcycle company.
He began to rent motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
They forced young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Movember, a florist.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the business of business and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you're using a plastic, sent out of the foreigner.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a business company and design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mogadishu, and he started growing pipes and edges, which he said, they could survive the hard weather of Mogadishu.
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, he smell the research pink.
He doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but his story, his innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs, who might be an artist of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They're introducing business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and they're moving from their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, they bridge the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalysts for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, that's how he calls it, when he's created, will transform the way people see their city.
You're going to hire kids from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the``waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people into entrepreneurs, including them and feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than astronomics and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to run with my dad in the American mountains, an assault area north in New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun made the leaves shine like a victim, and not to be on the way we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a shed on a dress with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a trash, about four square feet with apple hearts, packed paper balls, aluminum paper balls.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their trash?
That question followed with me, and it's a little bit simpler.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how to organize or where they put the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their tracks and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an introduction.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a garbage collecting.
I'm not just traveling on trucks . I drive them.
And it operates the mechanical scanned and the snow bar.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you're being used quickly.
It costs a lot of advice to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continue to adjust to the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous events in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into traffic all day and you're going to go around.
They just want to happen, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about garbage.
When you get out of the counter and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a nature force itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a breathing or circulation form.
It always must be moving.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I firmly believe that waste collection are the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first public health protection protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste in an efficient and effective way every day, this starts to fall out of your containers and your dangers inherent to us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries are going to go back and start to hurt.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old people, we don't have space for what the motors in the economy start to fail when they're in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, it's just your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed necessary.
I mean, I mean simply at the speed that we used to move on at the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair, clean or take our cup of coffee, our mouth bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will be commissioned from it.
So today, I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include that conversation about how to design a sustainable and sustainable city.
His job, I think, is almost liquid.
They're on the street every day, replicated.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you were waiting.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another.
One day after 9/11, of September 2001, I heard the Grand of a waste truck truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at me and just nodded, and said,``We're going to be fine.
We're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and came back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together so many times and did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist on this planet as a species, we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the number of waste waste.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the trash of you, a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life, forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the local conditions and traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as a example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and to me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the cladding of crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a thought of a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit Ethiopia, it was really captive with the old market that is this structure to the open air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building, many floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, put all the inputs of the building.
And this is spread with an inclined atrium that creates an open-air space in the building that's automatically self-assembling, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I got to think of a similar tissue to an ant shell with drilling parallel to allow the air entrance, and also the light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian dress.
They have fractal geometry properties, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that allow us to pass air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is competition with these little colors of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It's not what we asked . ''
But in particular, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy literacy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage to put photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these ports on the roof, which in order to collect water for the sanitation inside.
It's expected for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of building.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I've designed, needed not only to understand Tunisia's city, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I got special attention in the media, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines, and this moved the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's harmful, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So, supposed to be a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density in higher levels and lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost like giving the community out of construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and social, and make activities like running a two-thirds in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes the local communities and economies to the same pace that are growing buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pencils of pencils, cute . It was very strong for the capital capitals, very good to drive.
I ended that year and I was full of jealousy, until I took my sinister plan.
I had a day after the school out of school . It was a little late and I hid in girls' bathroom.
When the coast was wasted, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took from the table of my teacher, the book of grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of them . And I gave me back to the book, but to see, some of my other partners had very good grades too.
So in a frenzy, I run the notes around the world without any imagination.
I put all of them out of Diana and myself a row of it, just for being there, because I could ...
I'm still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea arose.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that it was absolutely obvious.
I never discovered.
But most of all, I would tell you the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good to organize.
I was intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so penistipation.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also the primates . The blue birds are very prone.
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of customers in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that looks at loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the jealousy are studied in all of their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration saying that if you had no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infidels, no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no celestial king, no``The 1.2 and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would reduce the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing``The Noble and the Road ,"there would be no``Galaxy"or``Party"-- we would lose``Mom Born"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Proust . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, they almost have them all.
This year, it's 100 years from his masterpiece,``In search of lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competition, which is what we could have, and thinking about Proust, we have the sentimental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a juggling sink in a wash.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wow said they were as tough as cat culture.
I don't know what the cat of cat is, but we assume it's suffering.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and the Propal.
It's going to be very obvious, like the jealousy, who are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their impediments, are a good narrative base?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being in the storytellers and the audience, we know exactly what details include, to fill the knife, right?
The jealousy make every amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Santa detected in his lover, he adds to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Saudi and Proust were notoriously jealous.
You know, Proust's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job . Right?
The jealousy are exhausted.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the jealousy?
The jealousy came out of information.
The jealousy use the details.
The jealousy like the large amounts of hair bright and the cute, little little bit of pencils.
The jealousy came out of the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful, it's so successful, it spreads the academic language with the cells of the jealousy.
When Simon is in his clothing, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribed the services of his lover, then they define those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy are interpreted and they make us seem absurd, but in their level, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, the more painful Propal, the more painful the truth, the more painful the truth.
Pain, humiliation, loss: these were the pathways to the Sahara wisdom.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man that can be interested in . ''
Is it saying we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to tell us that jealousy reveal us.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so peculiar intensity?
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife would send him.
And Freud says there was something weird about that man, who didn't focus on what his wife did.
Well she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Would you smile too much, or does it accidentally rock with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the consumer of the unconscious of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the jealousy make us look at intensity but unprecedented.
In fact, the more intensely jealous we are, the more we become a fantasy resident.
And for this reason, I believe, jealousy leads us to make violent or illegal acts.
Centers drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A 52 year-old woman was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since which was sent messages, horrible to itself, for a year.
It's for a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration.
Because we're realistic.
What enormous, even though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a November Himalayas novel.
Himalayas is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The talents Mr. River ,"books that are treating the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be drill in a instant.
Take Tom River, his famous character.
Tom River is going to burn or want what you've got to take away from your self, and you're going to take away from what you ever have, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, you take your rings, you empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route from Tom River.
I can't give you Day everyone, as often as I want to.
It's a pity, because we live in envy times.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
Are novels showing us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to the Bald Street of Baker Street, and we asked by Shiron House.
When people think about Hong, they think of the curse in the Middle Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always prepared [unclear] Lesterland, the Spanish face of Still Adam, who needs Honduras desperately, needs the Honor genius, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesity needs their help, but it turns out, and bubble with bitterness in the fall one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Avenue of The Six Nigerians ,"once they go into, he's finding all of his solution, Lesterland comes back to Honduras and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hongs.
We are proud of you . ''
And it tells him that there's no person in Scottish claimed that I wouldn't want to hold your hand.
It's one of the very few times that we see Honors wandering in the story . I think that's very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Honor is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they are the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a business issue, just a question of where we're going to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align them with it.
But I like content plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to consider us.
Only the discussing fiction is jealousy.
The fiction used to be depressed to the table.
And look at what you add: the sweet Lester, the slightly Santa River, the slightly Marine Propal.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the mountain of Apollo 11 and described about the Tragedy Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the history of the United States.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including the Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on its surface, which Aldrin after Armstrong's death last year is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of them back : 38-year-old pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would spread after, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some ask, why is the moon?
Why would we turn it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why flying over the Atlantic?
Why do Rick play with Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Poles: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on East War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the wonder of the transcendence of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do that.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, polio was eradicated and smallpox.
The technology seemed to put the thing that Alvin Copenhagen in 1970 called accelerating force.
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing ship, but in 1969, the crew of Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has evaporated when we see that problems that we imagine technology to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population, seem to be intractable outcomes.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn V rocket.
I knew that this is going to be the last mission, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They have expanded and enrich our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a wearable explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel was funded, Microsoft, Apple and gentlemen.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer to entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment causes the creation of cross-border ideas to the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak, without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments, many minutes of the ones that could go out in 10 years.
They've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and what development is in the long term . They haven't invested in the development of technologies destined to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomass . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than biomass.
We want alternative power sources that can be competing in price . There are no.
Now, the technologists, the entrepreneurs and the economists are according to how political and international treaties will invent the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of price control.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we'll see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, they're not going to be.
We know for the time that famines are result of failure on food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine hunger while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes eliminate a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the cancer war in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance of treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have to, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; the institutions must support the solution; it should be really treating a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, meets those criteria.
But it's a regular model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no competition like in the Cold War, there's no politician like John Kennedy who speaks how hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the widespread ideas that you have on trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche of our society.
I think they're three.
The first is a rectangle: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third one is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the receptor, the goal, and the task have been performed.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a receptor, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a clearer idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think the trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm mad to think that it may have been diminished in some activities or institutions, and that might have increased others.
I'm not clear.
But I can go to the opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion surveys over time, there's not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who unfold 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway half.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion surveys are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust politicians? Trust the teachers?
Now, if someone asked you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
You rely on primary teachers? ''
You would probably start to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust in some, but in other no . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to spread it differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more local to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think polls are really bad tools to measure the real level of real confidence, because they're trying to work the good judgment to the fact that we trust something or in someone.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I'm chasing.
I would encourage you to have more confidence in what it is to be trusted, but not what it is.
In particular, I'm a party of not trusting what's not reliable.
And I think that those people who represent their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
Sentence confidence or negative intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, it says, yes, it means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is to make a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competent in the relevant materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if you're not responsible, you couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but they don't trust them to take a letter to the email, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can make certain things, but I see they overestimate their own competitors.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely dishonest.
If it's so, I still haven't perceived me.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before it trust.
The trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
And I remember once he was talking to me, and he said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than I'm going to attend the piece itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutions, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and test tests actually are doing the opposite.
What they do is they make the work of the people who have to make difficult tasks, like the midwives, demanded that they're going to die, as we say.
I'm sure you all know examples.
All of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and transplant them to the people who are reliable, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what you don't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in particular, is different because we're offering other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the bases enough so they can trust you.
You have to be confident.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you also have to give you some technical evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, it does the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can get them back without giving explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or change them by the color that I want.
That's great . Trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been struggling to reduce separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of the screen where imagination can be destroyed.
This separation has been reduced, and more and more, to such a point that today is less than a millimeter, the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
First I created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the strong performance against the screen transformed its physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen.
So, with this tool, they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the dividend of Mickeskorm Sciences in Microsoft, along with my mentor Catholic Bollywood, I redesign the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work area.
You combine a visit transparent with depth cameras to detect your fingers and the face, you can now raise your hands of the keyboard, you'll get inside the 3D space, and you grab the pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and files have a location in real space, select is as easy as adding a book of a shelf.
You can break the book and take lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their machines directly with their hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
You know, a lot of us would have bought, and I've got things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
So what I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translucent when the system understands your body's geometry.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel?
How would it be a future like that?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Refresh Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So simplify, what we did was we added gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical access and detectors.
And by program digitally the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach chemicals physically and distance, and the famous takes of Michael Jordan can be represented as a physical reality, the times we wanted.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitors or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without we have to download our world.
We started today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Honor, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses.
But my mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was just a core path to happiness: a safe and good work.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the narratives, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
And I wrote to him to the director of the school and a radio program.
But no adult would add the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends would support me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream will never be done.
I'm afraid, for the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So it turns out to look for another calling.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember the books.
[" Great Works"from Santa -- [`` Children of history"by Nancy Horror I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth ,"it's about the Chinese communal life.
And it's not propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Tell your father and your mother . ''
\" Honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this cartilage guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
He encounter a new culture also gave my habit of comparative reading.
And so it's a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
The comparative reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two to two.
You can try to deal with Walter Israelis's``John Adams"who were involved in a same subject, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation are economic, political and spiritual.
By Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The World of Channel Tzu"Thomas Mercedes [`` The World of Got"Alan Walls instead of losing the translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy ."Ha!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, it literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people of the past and the present.
I know you wouldn't feel alone or impossible.
Having a dead dream is really not compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So, the books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a tail tail, threw on the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me that he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a sign as a first client.
And I got a vegetable that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the short stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move my head while we would delay the solution.
\" The tragedies are the new '80s ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you're home after, you have kids later, until death happens later.
For vegetables like Alex, and I was a time of dreaming.
But shortly after, my supervisor paid me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was laughing.
I said,``Of course, it's coming up with the guys under your category, you're laughing with a hollow head, but it's not like it's going to marry it . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe you marry the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in Alex's marriage is before it falls . ''
This is what psychologists call``Aha! ''
It was when I realized that the 1930s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 in Alex the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and its loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of ventures everywhere.
There are 50 million hectares in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without passing before by the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the vegetables here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you're working with vegetables, you love a vegetable, you take the dream a vegetable, I want to see . It's okay . Incredible, the truth really matters.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and``Aha!"which shapes his life would have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, don't train.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how many money they win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30.
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and will be represented for adulthood, which means that if there's something you want to change from yourself, it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the moment to educate their body and their choices.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vegetables are listening to.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists give you a ridiculous name to the vehicles like``texting"and``Rottenters . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triviality that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to make great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them sticks on the head and they say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They steal that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and absolutely nothing happens.
And then every day, smart penicing, interesting people like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as I start a career before the 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this:``My 20s are for finishing, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this:``My dating during the 20 were like the game of chairs.
They all run and get fun, but then at some point around 30, the music came up and they all started feeling.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the pen here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it doesn't get wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the tragedy, and so many of them started a career, pick a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
A lot of these things are not compatible, and there's research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at once at 30.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many training and constructions look into themselves, and to me, sit in the room, and talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the vehicles are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
By 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a waiter.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then he got up her by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new bookstore for a director, and I had spent the entire morning filling with its many contacts, but then you looked at the empty space that follows after the words``In case of emergency, please call...''
He was at the point of history when he saw me and he said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer? ''
At that time, I cost a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really got worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex, as to just sitting as the decade of Emma's decade went ahead.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that every year, man or woman, deserve to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that crisis of identity and to get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds its person value.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that intersection, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not getting rid of the vegetable exploration, I'm discovering the exploration that you shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's programmers.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are suspended.
The best friends are great to take to the airport, but the inmates that come together with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who comes up almost always comes from outside its closest circle.
New things come from what's called weak cows friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the prisoners have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to color this group.
Half of the work created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is a way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vegetable, Emma soon elected his family, when he has a couple and he shaped his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
You might think that the 30 is better enough to sit down than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But choosing the person that you live in now or you're going to get older now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work.
You choose your family to be a conscious choice of who, and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone you choose to you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That labor supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This married married man.
I love his new career, I love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said,``Now the emergency contacts spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with.
It's very easy to help you.
The vegetables are like planes that come out of the L.A. airport, which go somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight arrangement in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25 and even the age of 29, a good conversation, a good breakfast, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the inmates that I know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling people like Emma every day: Treaties are not the new 20, checking their adult, getting identity capital, using their weak links, choosing your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in management consultant for a work that was even more picky: the pain.
I went to teach them math students in the public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I apply tests and evidence.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the ratings.
What struck me was that the I.Q . wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of them who had a better performance didn't have I.Q . schools.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions, points, the area of a parachute.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
It's CO2, but what if I succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn very fast and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We're trying to predict what's going to stay on military training and who will retire.
We went to the Department National competition, and we tried to predict what children would move most possible in the competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers still be teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the learning of their students?
We associate with private companies, asking, what of these marketers are going to keep their job?
And who's going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a feature came as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and wasn't the I.Q.
It was the determination.
The determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not just the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaire, and then wait about more than a year to see those who graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate, even when the photos in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized evidence, even the security that the children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the Defense National competition that matters, it's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoned.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little that science knows about development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work ethic?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, common determination is not related, or it's even related to the measurements of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University for Carol Delhi, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change the effort.
Dr. Diego has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to afford when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech will end, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to try it.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to mistake, to start all again with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a capitalism, one of my most attractive memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems as unthinkable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can slow up this wall, so whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the tricks of every single character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
People.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a farming way,``Austin! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally.
This is a tree.
It's tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught.
It's a prisoner, just like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a plank under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . sunrise.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the documentary of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you take somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing, evolved.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, they're careful.
So we've already gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing that you learn an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after you know the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the Earth's land.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked on one another.
In the old China, that meant in exile, because Chinese officials went into their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where it's going to be a exit.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and go down from stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, and when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex show of fantasy.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took over a few years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy, and a hairy guy rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard of Oz and all the movies we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in the Wizard of Oz.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophet predicted it . ''
They use magical shoes to defeat the computer-generated army.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic, wise characters and even rape are women.
I started noticing this when I saw Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection, because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the surveillance level had gone down . And therefore, he woke up in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his patents behind, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but he's going to be able to do everything.
I wonder what a perceived.
Would you be worth of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the Wizard Wizard of 1979.
How does Dorothy win his film?
It's doing good mines with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world I want my children to grow Oz, right? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force, force in the movies for our children, and so little the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know by experience that the Royal princess didn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults that's blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really hoped that credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are many exceptions, and they defend Disney's princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their goal.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how they defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and charming like inherit and Katrinas, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who bring a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
You recommend all of you . It's already available in shops.
Remember what the criticism said when he came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a princess.
It's very good . You don't let that stop them!
Well, almost none of these movies passes the Beethoven test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been roots and it's already spreading, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Alisa Beault is a comic cartoon, and in the middle of the '80s, he recorded a conversation that he had had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you should do: In the movie, there's more than a female character who has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something beyond the kid than they do? Okay? Okay? Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Abed.
Right? Subject from Oscar, training of training, an idea of consensus of what's a quality Hollywood movie.
Virtually, it doesn't happen the Beethoven test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the breeding crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Do you come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Eleven . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a larger number that's going to break this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with it.
I don't think music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things that I think is that there's a lot of sexual birds.
Who are those guys? What are these guys learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you taking the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't speak?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare it.
We have tools to our disposal as a power, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask, do you have to be able to protect you if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children so that they keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mostly to the parents.
I think we have to show our children, a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care about the home and the leverage.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars, they know what he responded?
Oh.
Volunteers Kenya and Glass.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than nobody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son: See and fight alone and more stories where their work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and be better people, like the magician of Oz.
Thank you.
As a child, living in Maine and one of the things I liked most was to find sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, they used me to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and archeology.
And finally when I started studying angers, I realized that I'll see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of a million miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern delta of Egypt called Benturose.
And the place, in the naked view, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called the Idea, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place was located in El fantasy, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge relief plant.
This area is enormous, it's about six for four miles.
Before, the Nile Flow right next to the Spawness, and as he changed over time, he went into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a school city on an extra landscape?
To try and find it random, it would be the equivalent of looking at a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA manned data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this kind of elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think might be the location of the Island.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the ice shows, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters down, under a thick thick layer, we found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible location of Idea, five feet down, we have an occupation layer of several hundreds of years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think it's Tom.
We also found dogs, coral, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used on the soap of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have an dense layer of occupation that's from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find the Idea here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire, probably was written in the U.S. 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984.
It makes the ideas happen really, in 1984, C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the door of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now I envision a group of obese nodes in bike.
They're competing in a bicycle net race and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need to see this really.
They're striking strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There's bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in open places . They pass the threshold of the door.
On the lobby, to the hallway, or what's going on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, and the light is shining on the Galaxy monster.
He's hot with their hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue fur by making them tickle in your nose.
You can smell the oats of oats and pass that's about to get in the mouth.
They pass on the side and train his living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of its imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little bit clothes, dancing on his center table, singing``Hi Baby Meal Tom . ''
Now let's go to cooking.
The soil has been recruited with a path of yellow bricks and from the oven, coming to you Dorothy, the Guinea of Legos, the Spanish and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"grab up from hands, jumping up to you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's carried every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Media championship.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise superpower.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a vessel deck.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memories.
And I said,``Ed, when you realize you were a wise? ''
He said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained to do these miraculous memory acts using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cicero used to memorize their speeches, and the medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow, how did I haven't heard about this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed, who's a wonderful, brilliant English, even though a little exuberant, said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a live wedding deck, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why it sometimes doesn't work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Elitera.
He's an ambulance, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peng . In he was based on Dustin Hoffman's role in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized phone books; it was certainly.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained, disciplined and cultured memory was not a thing as weird as it can appear today.
A long time ago, people will invest in their memory, in providing their minds freely.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they've also changed us.
They've been culturally changed, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained, disciplined memory, and culture is this competitive competition of memory.
It's not really so singular; there are competitions like this all over the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from London College invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structural or dramatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and snowflakes, found that in memory champions were lit parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial and navigation memory.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is made as an armed career where every year someone comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put.
This is my friend Ben Pradante, three times memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 shuffle cards that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 43 algorithmic binary digits.
Half a half hour . Yes.
And as there's a great amount of ways of remembering things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end, it's reduced by a single concept that psychologists call``elaborate coding . ''
It's illustrate with a passing paradox known as the Barrier paradox, and I tell two people to remember the same word . I tell you .``Remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's his appeal.
And then I asked them,``Remember there's a flow . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask you``Remember that word I told you about a while? ''
\" Remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who he told her that his work is``beef . ''
Same word, different capacity of memory, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean nothing for you . It doesn't have any relationship.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word,``Sleep"-- we know paintings.
They use white hats.
They have flour in their hands.
Do good when you go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting a little bit of affordable paradigms to be able to make them quite a little bit of a position.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece Greece.
It's known as the``memory palace . ''
The story goes like this: there was a poet called Simon who went to a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't get a DJ, you hired a poet.
He stood up, I got his memory poem, and he moves, and so soon he went, the bank of the bank collapsed.
Mallaprive everyone.
But not only killed them to all of them, but they destroy the body's bodies.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similarly, standing outside, unique survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes, and realized that with the eyes of your mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invited.
He took the family of his hand to where they were their loved ones between the rubble.
What Somalia warned at that point is something that we all know about, or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions, by our colleagues, we have visual memory and the exceptional space.
If you ask me to tell me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Somalia, it's very likely that it's very difficult to do that.
But I'll bet that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the horse parliament, in your lobby, you would be able to visualize them.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and population of images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, disappointed, funny, boring and repetitive, is the image, more inclusive to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory, the same way I'd ever done this Cicero if you'd invited him to TEDGlobal about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're on the door of your house.
And I'm going to come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspired competition.
And then you can imagine getting into your house, and you can see the Monson of the Galapagos mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind us that funny anecdote that they want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk to would be that strange journey they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember them.
That's how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that will confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term``typical"comes from the``talks ,"which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about the drug and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``First ,"would be like the first place in its memory.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I was full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing a little bit of an extensive thing about this substance of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is an boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting there taking tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone's killed the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school suit bought in a flag market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons, provocative, instantaneous, absurd and example, in the eye of the mind.
I'm pretty much hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of hits and some security goggles covered with tape leaving just two blocks, because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory journalism experiment.
I thought this could be a good job for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory sticks or memory ships, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
It forces a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most people don't run around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made.
And if there's something I want to leave you today, it's what Shanghai, the algorithm I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence being lost in Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to human being in front of us, who walks on our side . We're so hopeful that we don't even bother processing in depth?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remembering.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we're going to get just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N Jersey, I was six and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Library, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And that's where everyone was going to look at the TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone saw me, and every time I was shower and I went back in a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated.
I hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not about division of areas, but from those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's no wonder that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it gives you: they think``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it in a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disorder that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an evolutionary emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable solids, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build, universities and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the PR Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it's got this round, round thing, red brick, which let the librarians try to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, there was another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that are constantly driving new technologies, new telescopes, new solutions for the current life forms.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, we're completely unaware of people.
All of black, this depressed us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect with those tuned symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we're all happy, but we feel like trains, so we start experimenting again; we're going to swing the pigeon back forward, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we took out of the 1970s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutal call.
It's got to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in the bare scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum back in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know, and we updated them.
We add together and we added pills and we use new materials.
You love it.
We don't give it to you.
We take commercial weapons, and we turned them into skyscrapers, which may be medieval characteristics made of glass.
The shapes were forced, they won in audacity and colorful.
The floods became columns.
The swan grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was 80, that was great.
We all spent the rest in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
It's probably a number of bread sticks.
This is what happens to the puzzle.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we'll write memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we started making the powder back into the other direction.
In the '80s and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called debated call.
We download the historical symbols; we now have new computers for computer design techniques, and we find new compositions, some ways that are stars against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super momentum; you're completely excluded.
Normally, the hidden pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building was opened.
It's the Billieran Generation, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gulf said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public in general, were completely agreed on a building.
New York Times quoted this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increases by 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Savor.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was going to win around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
Same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning from the new millennium country with other star architects.
He happened to Zaiture and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through the whole architecture . digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation accelerated: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, in the telly, and at the end, we all are architecture photographers, and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before knowing if the one that I designed four years ago was successful or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutal was not a two-year movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they showed them.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete, the steel or the elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when it applies to media, it starts to dissolve faster and faster, until it's going to be in both very extreme extremes, and it will effectively decrease the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the audience.
We can now make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Pinks Island in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as drawings looked exactly like the product finished, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a medium of communication, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes a contact with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell them each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those Library librarians.
If that building is built today, first of all, the Internet is going to be looking for``new libraries . ''
We're going to be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Moories can lead to the Library mayor, to the Library people, and tell you that there are no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer an audience who doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't get interested in architecture.
That means that the average pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the story of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seattle can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historic imitation of red brick with the basis of what's supposed to be a stadium.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are attached to the whims of nature and not the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, is no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little boundary pavilion, so muscular and fibers like the animals that are going to be observed.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to do more ecological, smarter and more friendly buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not in opposite sides.
They find an architect, they're controlled and we work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the head of the bedroom to bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year off, and he was starting to walk.
And it does it in that cool, typical way of children in a year, smoking, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that they like to do at the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and soft, and it gives itself those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think,``When do you do this? ''
How do we suddenly don't taste with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google:``Am I ugly? ''
This is Fall, he's 13 and he lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's got a little scary, it's a little confused, because even though your mom tells the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or colleagues of school tell them, doesn't know who they believe.
So it makes a video of it itself, put it in YouTube, and ask others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, which doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's driving them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, speaking, chatting, saying,``I like ,"beginning, sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected, in a continuous, instant way, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from your hand with that are implant.
This environment, of being connected, is attached to our children who are self-defining based on the number of``I like"and the types of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most unknown in someone's life versus what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the girls's news.
Serious size models continue to dominate our own passing.
The technician technique is now a routine.
And trends like: Testlar, the theater, the biomass and the owner.
For those of you who are going to describe it, it means promises.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are comparing.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the sponsored stars of sports, and the singing singers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be very individual balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activities.
It's fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a taxpayer to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you're looking at good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't worry about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what these young people actually weigh.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on their body is debilitating the academic performance.
And it's also detrimental by health.
The teenagers with a little bit less self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more non-lethal diet than can take us to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and self-destructive damage.
The search for the perfect body is pushing the health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they're overweight again, regardless of whether they have or don't have higher rates of appreciation.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day that they don't feel safe with the way they look.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
Liberation this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes . The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we must make sure that the program that follows our children not only have a positive impact, but also a durable impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
One education is fundamental, but faced with this problem requires each of us to take the commands in the issue and be a better model for women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to talk about the contribution of our politicians in skin cuts or the size of their breasts, or the size of their breasts, or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judge people by what they are, not because they're seen.
All of us can start making responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you put a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow to value their whole person, value individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people to actually make the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out in the great screen, because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they look like they're not who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who are you in mind?
Is it your wife?
Do you have your sister?
Will your daughter?
His niece?
Could it be simply the woman who's two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that voice, and he was encouraged by not having long legs, more thin, more thin, more flat feet, smaller feet?
What would it mean for it if we were going to put this out and we would say laughing to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is getting us together.
But let's turn to our children the truth.
They assumed that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the curriculum of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we speak and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little bits of the age of today, they become agents of safe change in themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman called Alishit Norden entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Marine Kazakhstan rabbi, the leader of the Defense July.
Norman initially declared it innocent, but being prepared by other lower charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and U.N. headquarters.
Luckily those plans were frustrated by the FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1990 bomb in the World Trade Center could not help.
Later Norden would be convicted of his participation in that attack.
Student Nature is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher, between the two made everything possible for giving a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, including most Muslims, come to know.
By experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there's always a small fraction of people who are so abused to their convictions that they think you need to use all the media that everybody lived in like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend, he and some friends, they had been going to train training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the cord pull of Cartoon who, without knowing our group, was watching by the FBI.
When I got to throw my father, my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explain to me how to deal with about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet I shot, I gave the little orange light on the target and, to surprise everyone, especially me, all the goal was in flames.
My uncle came to the other and in Arabic, said,``I was air . ''
From such father, such a son.
Everybody, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a load up with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking landing of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and did another 1,000 other people.
I admired those men.
He called them``homeless ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone, it was time to push and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class, I was often a victim victim.
So, secret secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new class, silence and rebelling, was enough to move.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, they didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, for growing up under fans, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could the eyes open?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way of thinking, was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a privileged program that I was involved in at the Christmas National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group is focused on the subject of youth violence, and as I had been victims of killing most of my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, to the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the guys who had done friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail, and I realized that there was no animations between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly felt very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was inappropriate.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, and that experience turned out to be fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had been taught that homosexuality was a sin, and for extension, all the gay men were bad influences.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been harassed as a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat friendly people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to control stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be honest, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then the``Daily Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my personal figure at a time that I was desperately needed.
Sometimes the inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would keep in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless disease and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hate inside.
My real name is not Zarry Eric.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, one day, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that even though I was connected to this violent and interconnected ideology, I didn't get to make strength.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talking, against those meaningless acts, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this simplicity, I'm exposed to me as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you really . Thank you very much.
Right now there's a film that's projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multitasking film.
It's in 3D, and it has robust sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has administration, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It's got memories, as the moments of your childhood that's projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a superimposed voice in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscience.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why are we not just robots that we've got to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to be a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
Then there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, you predict that vision.
psychology was studying objectively, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After , 20 years ago, it all began to change.
Neuroscience like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pentagon said,``Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kandia presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and what they're correlated with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
There's actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't deal with the real central mystery of this matter: Why does every physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like puzzles, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical ones are all cases of emergent behaviors, how to operate the parasites, how hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize the living organisms . They're all questions about the object.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we're playing chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the sustainability that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But finally, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great . We're used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Its crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do is explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors, and so you study everything that you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of constant consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing is encouraged.
In the 19th century, Maxwell found that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton's laws, and then I put the basic laws of the electromagnetism, and it pushes the electric charge as a fundamental concept that these laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find awareness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to stick the list.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can scale them on a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can scale them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called palacesticity:``bread ,"for all,``Psychology"for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes by Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This may sound a little crazy for you.
How do someone think so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to be illogical, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind looks more like a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there are information processing, there's consciousness.
complex intelligence processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something really exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Michael Tomber, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called Peter, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I'm supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of GDP, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a half a degree of information integration, the same quite significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of GDP said.
The level of integration integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of GDP, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that palacestices can help us integrate awareness into the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking,``Where does the fire fire come from? ''
From the voting vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness doesn't find outside the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
So this vision, I think, the pathological vision, has the potential to transmit our relationship with nature, and it can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a pandemic and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think it's okay, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral concerns, it's not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha intelligence system in the Samuel movie?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of patent information, she has a complicated, integrated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's called pretty serious ethical problems about the ethical development system of smart computer systems and the ethics of clapping.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of full collection, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective awareness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should take seriously.
So this pathological view, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's correct.
I'm actually safer of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is the second that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how do these bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem in science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve them overnight.
But I think we finally do it to discover.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I met my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to notice for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's a very obvious problem.
She actually hasn't got anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile on the oil of my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series``Burke ,"and``Babylon's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes at the 11 of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when do you get your speech? ''
I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the Christmas law for good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, do you talk about inspired things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the acts of acts . ''
And that's when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as an inspiration objects.
And we're not . And it's not guilt from the guy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be disappointed dramatically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you have lied to disability.
Yes, we have sold us the lie that disability is something bad, A Mayor, A Mayor.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing to do, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is to invest ."In effect.
Or this one:``Before leaving, integrated! ''
These are just a couple examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with prosthetic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term defective term, because it matches a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we challenged the disabled of people with no disability.
The purpose of these images is inspiring, motivating, so that we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad, my life could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the count of the number of times that you've been happy to be willing to express that you think I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up the morning and remember my own name . And this is coordinating.
These images, those images match people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
Let's get some things out.
But the things that we're going to do is not the things that you can think of.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"which is deliberately because I'm struck by the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of its ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies to get the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to combine them in the way we do, when we share those images?
When people say to us,``You're an inspiration source ,"he says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here basically the inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disabilities at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that it's a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue pieces to collect the things that come to me . I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone battery on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that's remarkable and horrified us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us the hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a staircase has never done it to become a ramp.
Never . Sandia to a TV screen won't do the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and making a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Burada the Virgin Salam"is not considered to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old child in a high school of Melbourne is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
disability doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you think you know about it.
Thank you.
What have the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a without charge?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't know.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of``Minority Report ,"and in Tom Cruise, they would have the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I carry: Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what's a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what's running by the game of play at 100 miles, blood beating your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 14-year-old man will perceive us, trying to deconstruct with all their being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is using under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Khan: Come on.
It's horrible to be hacked.
A moment . Let's take a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Khan: As you can see, it's a demonstration of what is to be hunted in football, from the perspective of the tax.
You realize that you're missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, it's from the University of Washington.
Fresh field: mice 54! Raps 54!
Blue eight, Blue 8! Come on!
Chris Khan: This is a little bit more to feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, it's going to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a battlefield.

We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it at that level using something called Orange Rift, which surely many of you know.
The Occupy Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain afraid of his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video from Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a knife with the arm before running and making an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Messen running out of the song, throwing the ball back to the network, or will I get to make a stick in William?
What will be your experience when you get rid of a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Bilo.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RNA?
We'll get the augmented reality when the coaches, the ones and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief clip about technology at NFL.
In 1965, Baltimore's batteries put a ticket to his field marijuana to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL puts radios in the boxes of the frontiers of field and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next game showing you in front of you, in a plastic of plastic that you carry . You don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or for memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties, you get fired as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just an improved strategy manual.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are below.
You also get information from the hull sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send them.
The bad ones will have information overload.
This will differ the good teams of bad equipment.
So your team of computing will be as important as your scouts, and data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It will also be for sports . Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field market.
You get the balance and you get back.
You look for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight in the left part of your bombsight, I'll warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack . Usually, you don't see it, but the L.A. system warned you.
Go forward to the protection area.
Another flashlight will warn you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you're going down.
And the ball loses trajectory.
You don't know where you land . However, the receiver sees in your bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can modify the career.
It's appropriate, caught the ball, running and annoying.
The exposed audience and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too cost-effective to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in someone else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports league.
It generates billions of revenue a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology worth a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be pursued?
How much does it also for a Harvard commander or a New Yorker Times trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of translation and Karashmines?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is approaching.
The questions that we make, the decisions we take and the challenges we face, depends on, as usual, of us.
Thank you.
I recently joined me after 23 years of service in the High Pacific of California.
Most of those 23 years, I spent the southern end of the Southern County County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by its beautiful views from San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Strauss, the chief engineer who was able to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide.
suicide from the bridge is not practical and likely . ''
But from its openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some of you think that travel between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, so that the fall from it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down under cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free four to five seconds, the body hit against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which drill vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
Those who don't normally fit in the helpless water, and then they drowned.
I don't think that the ones who contain this method of suicide is realizing the death of death that they face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge.
This is where most people go to before they take their lives.
I can tell you by experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke with an officer with his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the dump.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This wasn't just a bad service to those who contain suicide, but the officials also.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officials.
This is Jason Garroph.
I met him on July 22 last year when he received a call from a suicide subject sitting in the bucket near the center.
And when I came up, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32, and he had flown down here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown down here twice before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zero created Pandora, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From she came out of pests, penises, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and no hope? ''
A few steps came up, leaned on the right, and went.
This nice and smart guy in New Jersey just took his life off.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family's rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collective damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
So I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of the suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just to speak, but you have to listen.
Listen to understanding.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Other people in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life; did you have these thoughts? ''
confrontation the person in front of it can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve; implant, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read them.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but I'm going to get more time to realize that Mike wouldn't go home.
Mike was driving Pantheon to San Francisco to see the 1990s with her father on his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Palestine police and reported it as that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A test had seen him jump from the bridge at 1,100 o'clock in the previous day.
Thank you very much for fighting those who may be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who's not been wrong before without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GG, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Vietnam.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and turn the way that his son took that day, and also the value to get forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11th , 2005, he responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my boat on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw, I crossed immediately the railing, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and a half, I heard about Kevin talked about its depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happy thing.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it make you come back and give the hope another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
I let me speak and just listen to it . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother from Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Lord Brazil, nothing erase the events of March 11th ,"and you are one of the reasons that Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was crying by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medication.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious from all those heart traits, but because of God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
Just in debt with you, Norman Berkeley . ''
And at the end she wrote,``Penguin, when I visited San Francisco's General Hospital that night, you figure out how the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is an active, active father of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
suicide is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole the opportunity to meet.
This is what suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about habitat to another person.
They just want their own pain.
Normally, this is done only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
From those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
In the final end, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few people who have jumped from the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one that they left aside, they realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mary with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that each and every one of us should be striving to do.
suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes it be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and you ask you: How do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had since a child.
My outside finally matched with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer to later, when I look at this picture, I think, you know,``Great ,"you get it, you get it.
But last October, I discovered that, just, I'm starting.
We all get rid of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value of liberating, to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or by the beliefs of those who surround us.
They are people who always defy the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was recorded as``child"at birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years old in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always get that t-shirt on your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to suffer.
Gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I think it will be bad, but why the world deals with those of us who want to release.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom and dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates gender mystery.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, the goddess of the daughters.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw a man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the principal of a broadcast beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty of beauty? ''
He told me that if they participate she was going to get rid of the institution and the costume, and that night, he won in bathroom, won in a shoe suit, and he was third of the end of the 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a queen of beautiful women's beauty, but I can.
I also met the display of the pressure, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, which was moved to San Francisco, called me, and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in the United States.
I resist.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm amused.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they do the most prestigious, sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license, and the``F"of gender gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means being able to drive or be able to get a wheat, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears looked at me.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman of moving Atlante Neutran.
A young woman from New York who voters his truth, but he would go away, he put end to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All the 20th of November, we do a global library for the Day Congress Day.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fought and stood in front of injustice.
These are Marshall Pshoel Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, nor fear.
I'm here, expanding, so that some day there's no more Nigerian November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT Schulz: Great, a quick question.
Girl: Sure . You see, first, thank you with all my blessings.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, that itself is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been attending young women, who I've been oriented, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, he called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all have a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that service doesn't square, and there should be a space that will allow people to self-assemble, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The traveling movement is bound compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
You should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GH: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known to their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were fed in 2011, when they signed up their efforts in 2011, when they signed up the people's National Peace Prize, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when at birth a girl, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes, gives her consensus to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a girl.
When you give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it gets shocked, and, with the hope of a son, when he scans his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffer, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when he grows, suffer too.
At the age of five, when you should go to school, you stay home and school admit your siblings.
Until the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it comes up to 13 years, it's proven to go out of your house without a male attack.
He's confined to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if they transfer the code of that honor of honor, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this source code of honor, not only affects a life of a girl, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joys of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of honor.
And there's a role more of the patriarchal societies that are called obvious.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very suspicious.
It's the criteria.
The good girl model must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent, and that accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a destruction.
If the very young house, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destruction.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet,``The married, the fire, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother is uncomfortable by the same lesson of optimism to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
And dear brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt pretty honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary license of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaysia de Mack, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote,``Malawi . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yes, I must mention it.
You can give it in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for the life of child.
They insist in a school means recognition of their identity and their name.
One admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when they were covering the Canadian visa form, and I was on the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the attributes of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters, I thought he had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sanctity of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried interconnected in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've had all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I teach my daughters, I teach students, to forget the lesson of the optimism.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called selection.
They loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the patterning.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to school.
Women were forced to use veil and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the speed girls and the singers killed.
It suffered millions, but a few spoke, and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and fit when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malawi got up and stood up on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, offered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a clone around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine , 2012, they shot him to burn her in his head.
It was a happy day for my family and my family.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was decoded between life and death, I whispered to the ear to my wife,``Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he immediately said to me,``Please don't blame you.
They defend the cause just.
It puts your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and join you.
They were both on the right way and God protecting it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital, and he had severe pains and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread down the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my soft smile and the exciting on my face.
I'm okay . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and we got together.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, is like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when his homework is not just.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tutor that has made it so audacious to Malawi so brave, expressive and criminal? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't.
I don't cut your wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined me to the moral group of Google, where I've had a division to my charge -- Google X's visualization division, but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there's an stigma when you add to a brain operation.
Are you still like smart or not?
If you're not going to be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what quantity to take, of more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them to keep alive.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have a soul of experimental, so I decided I've experienced to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in a decline.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my own self, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried to try and test typical chemicals for a male man, and I'm surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and, of course, many times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some attracted versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a bit insecure, fixing a problem that had in front of it, and just didn't happen.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my point of key reference: how do you get those mental images that I use to create profit, my ideas, if you want? I try new ideas and pick up situations.
This kind of thought is not new.
philosophers like Hume, Descartes and Hobbes see things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are people who question this idea, and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . It's simple for me: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So, after several years, I'm able to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental weapons, really vivid, very sophisticated and good structural.
Now, I'm working on how to take well, these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what will happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional MRI, to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan done by Giant Bank and his colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the middle shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as I imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created the content of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost zero-sum.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining seeing that same image is almost zero-sum.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the Jack Galapagos lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to make brain waves into visual field fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a big deal of the brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of scanning the decode to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer supplies, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This blew us up.
We're good close to doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same mapping.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of the largest available resolution today, and its resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There's a lot of techniques to do that.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes.
I'm not offered for that.
Many are proposing new processing techniques for images, even me . counting with the recent result of MRI, first we should ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, more large magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increased by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a hypothesis.
And why does this care?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in self-dependent and brilliant solutions in coding and deforestation, in the transistors and the frequency receptors in the MRI systems.
In turn, instead of a magnetic magnetic field, we used structural magnetic patterns to add to radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in one scan.
Also, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not just the oxygen fluid, but the hormones and the environments that I mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices to open this door.
Anyway, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not just in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
His closet may be telling some person for the first time I love it or say to someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you've gone through in life.
The whole closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can tremendously vary, the experience of living, living and coming out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked in the South Side Wall Capergus, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the legal military: I didn't waste my armpits, I would quote the letters of Ann gave French as a litany.
And I'm going to be sorry that because of my short screen, and I'd been shaving my head recently, I was usually wondering a little boy,``Hey, are you boys or girl? ''
And it appeared an awkward silence on the table.
And I would push my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rain of rage.
And the father was understanding the newspaper, and the mother launched a cold looking at his son.
But I would say nothing, and I'm going to do it inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was prepared, and I was about to go into the female affairs at the table . I had Betty Friedman dates.
Global Steinem dates.
Even a fragment of the``Vagina Monologues"that showed.
And so I breathe down, and I went down and looked at my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question:``Are you boys or girl? ''
And so I woke up again, and I got close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw kids' clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like, you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than a little bit of a kid's pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me slowly, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a questionnaire, please? ''
And that was all . Just``Ah ,"you're a girl.
What about the pandemic I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all of you ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the pants and I, both, we were honest with one another.
So as many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be an arc.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how you feel living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why I'm going to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of yours, but this is the thing: The hard thing: the hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that explaining to someone who has been declared in rock bank is harder than saying that it's been fooled?
Who can tell you that this story that is more difficult to say to your five year-old son that you're going to divorce?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only how hard it is.
We have to stop measuring what's hard to do with respect to what hard for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in guns, and they may make sure, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what your walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, that had a horse tail, a dress and a high glass shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four-year-old who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, I landed on a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay gravity, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing ever done.
My family, my friends, strangers I've spent my entire life, trying to not be disappointed, and now the world turned around to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that grid, you kill you.
One of my most memorable gasolines was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time a lot between the guests knew that it was gay, and by doing my honor ladies, in my black dress and talents . I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were, people I knew about doing years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay story battle had started.
\" Are you ever in the basket? ''
\" Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Hey, you know my American stimulation?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Steve, what's your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program?
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in hopes of showing desperately his support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said abruptly,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the gloves of gloves.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt ashamed.
It's not very hard to find them and realize that they were upset.
And what else can you ask someone else, but will you get to work?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the California girl.
Now please look at this through gay perspective, but understand that what it involves out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
You choose the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just tell you . You take your patches.
If you know that they're gay, tell me.
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay, they will keep hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They're never apologize for that.
And some of them can go out safe, apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize to what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not about you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So next time you find in a dark threat, you have a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And it may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote by Edward Leer that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Edward Leek wrote this as a critique to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, it starts a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
Let's first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, which you don't know about the Earth's biology or the neuroscience of the Earth's or intelligence of Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a Earthlings, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth's intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how, until a certain moment in time, asteroids that demand the surface of a mysteriously planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, which were going to be, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be extremely adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just a equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = a year to the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the options open, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an immense future time, a taboo.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like it.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, considering this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more messy, or``entropy ,"during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that competitive climate connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if the smart behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called International, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
Remarkably, entrepreneurs could spend multiple animal intelligence tests, play human games, and even make money trading actions, all of that without being able to do that.
Here are some examples of entrepreneurs in action.
Just like a human standing human, here we see English balanced automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entrepreneurs a goal.
He simply decided for her to balance the pole.
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability of use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entrepreneurs can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entrepreneurs is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illustrating its potential for play.
So here we see entrepreneurs organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeping success the well connected network.
This same network of networks of network also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see entrepreneurs organizing the routes of a ship of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to issues in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entrepreneurs spontaneously discover and run a shopping strategy, sold in a simulated series of stock negotiation, successfully increase assets under their exponentially management.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Williams: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors like the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from an equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony.
We went back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the``RSM ,"there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then megare them and try to fix them from the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And I often ask me, how do you look for goals to get away from this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to go through descendants to help us build artificial intelligence, or to help us understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the constitution of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how to fit Earth in the context of the universe.
The NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points to Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance between them and their mother star.
In ensemble, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and religious as the Earth's land planets, and also the amount of light they get from their suns.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is central under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
Graduate and sea ice that has been with us for millennia are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly overlap our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
I study the Goldilocks of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope to find places in the universe where they discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the innovative sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better: those of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and broken, and despite being a little further from the Sun, can be considered a potentially habitable world demonstrated this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like``Curiosity"tracking its surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the March of March, they take samples from the atmosphere, and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose his Goldilocks.
private companies now offer not just short space flights, but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these marine images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the native and pioneers, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the disruptive areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, really extraordinary places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and gentler places of the Earth, the air is fresh and oxygen removed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets dragged up with a big, sad shadow: the implication and the belief of some that Mars would expect there to save us from this infinite understanding of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
For a lot, I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are lots of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to enslave humanity is like imagining that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party of truth will actually have place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the targets for interplanetary exploration and land preservation is not contract.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as alien panels.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile and rare areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi said,``Do you realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that will prevent this development.
It's arrogant to think that only integrated colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and infectious exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support Mars's hostile environments for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve oxytocin on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I added my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all fine.
I thought about calling a priest, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a priest could take a long time to get, and it was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I heard about my passport and my suitcase.
It turned out expensive, but I'm sure I didn't face a certainty at night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, it was fine.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
You release cortisol that increases heart rate, modulate levels of adrenaline and denied the thought.
And when I got to the purpose of pharmaceutical public, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in place, that they're going to prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, which minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but even a month later, my thoughts wouldn't spread.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanzi, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him about breaking the window, and that he had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called prospective retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as the demo.
Everybody knows what the puzzle is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what comes wrong, right?
In the show, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about is some of the things that we can do in the form of a demo.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious ones.
In the house, I'll take a place for the things that are lost easily.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of the important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, that the fruit trees are living, where they live friends and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was forced in the London caps.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the official sense of squirrels, and they still could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys from the car, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, you get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular table.
If you take a place, and you're written with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, drive from driving, passport, poison by email to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can ease the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic, and it takes the thought.
So part of the prescription practice is to recognize that low stress will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help us with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical affect.
But this is written as a problem for all medical decisions, and in fact for the making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision you need to take from the one that will benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor, and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, stroke.
So you're thinking that having the tall cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a status . ''
And maybe you've heard about the seasons, and you know that it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . It's even likely that you know people who take them.
And so you think,``Yes, I cut the stress! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that you should ask for most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number need to treat.
And what is this, NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedure before they help one person.
And you must think about what kind of statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor doesn't tell me something if it wasn't to help.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not blame in the doctor, and if it's a blame of someone, it's the scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But Alzheimer's estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number need to treat the most widely recyclable status, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take before they help one person?
300.
This is according to the research of cynical researchers Rebeward Group and Pamela Harvard, confident independently by Bloomberg.
I was exploring numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, stroke brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think,``Well, one probability in 300 of you down my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Tell me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for one more statistic, and it's,``Talk about the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating pain and articulate pain, painful pain, but now you think,``Five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, still to take medicine . ''
But a moment.
They remember under stress don't think of clarity.
So you think about how you think about this over time, so you don't have to make the rate of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
One is 15 times more likely to be able to be harmed by the drug of the drug to help you.
I'm not saying they should or not take the status.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the crash value, but actually this number need to treat it is quite typical.
For the surgery that most of it is done in the older men of 50, extension of prostate prostate, the number necessary to treat is 49.
That's what it is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the implant or dysfunction, the urban unconscious, the receptions, the fecal incentive.
And if you're lucky, and you're one of that 50 percent the effects just last one year or two.
So the idea of the demo is to think about the questions that you can think of that will push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, do you want a more short life free life, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that they turn out a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face in face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the blade or the immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, you don't react to fast . You might be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kanzi and their colleagues have shown.
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all flawed.
We're all going to fail every time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put systems in the place that will help us minimize damage, or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
Removeling the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed a combination of combination along the door, with a key to the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to touch more gently.
Two', even more soft.
Fortunately soft.
This is my drawing from a tree of``Oh ,"there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of [unclear] can be, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American sign system, the ATM, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came during the 1800s, and over the time time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today like Stacey.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, costs, behaviors and norms without questioning.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my speakers and they amplify sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't shake the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise when you eat French fries . ''
\" Not erotic, and when you're eating, I'm going to make sure you don't raise you in the dish . ''
All of this, I call it sound tag.
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super substantial of the sounds.
And I'm always waiting for the sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding.
TED, for continuing.
TED, for announce.
You can see that mind-wandering doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines are already contain by sound through subtle boards and blobs.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``penguin"at MIT.
A typical pregnancy has five lines.
However, to me, to make it with my thumb, it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had a chance to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that's called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all autistic.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Am I going to distance more of art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it's not just through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in the sound, I decided to leave it and go down.
I started creating a new work body.
And when I presented to the artistic community, it was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
On the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was something about a person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could tell me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose that I'm empowered.
There's a massive culture around language spoken.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal to the same and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers from Stacey.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I ask you to borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value that's like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If you're not going to continue with this practice, I feel that I could download it in oblivion and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic, profound medium in the music world.
And I'm surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressed in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept at MIT.
The two are very special and highly modified what it means that subtle changes can affect all the signals as much as the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so that you get better how AIMS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The AIDS is divided in many different geometric parameters.
If you take a different parameter for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so on, as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if just one keyboard at a time.
However, the height is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneously to express a clear or idea concept at Stanford.
If only a keyboard will change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
At UCLA, by using these different geometric parameters, you can express different ideas.
So, for example, the sign of that.
This is the signature sign.
I'm seeing you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got caught.
Uh oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, pretty!
So I started thinking, and if I look at the Stacey through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it might be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the``day"sign, the sun comes out and put it.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you visually look like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights,``Last night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed at MIT and how distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one will go . It's one hand, two centimeters . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past ."`` used to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``There once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a four times as long as four times.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think automatically at the same time.
Look at E: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the chase through the head and the chest.
[ Face: MR ,"[ unclear] [unclear] [In the chest: E ,"I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called``flag flag . ''
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with your hands in high.
Now we're going to do it as much as the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very well.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one . Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"at MIT.
Now, the third one . Please meet again.
Again.
It's``lighting"at MIT.
We're going to do the three together.
\" In love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good job all.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how AIMS is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very bold world.
And only because the SOPA has no sounds, it's automatically no social value.
We have to begin to question what social value defines the social value, and allow AIMS to develop its own value.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Stacey.
The AIDS is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kanzaronian: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said to me,``You can get rid of everything, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble, I have to say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also involved and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and teach citizen and invention at the Hong Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the tropical beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a scary thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big pumps and networks, collecting those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages six to 15, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong on a workshop.
So we started building this method of working high, so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are feeling great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce it to size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do that.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine it into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, just collecting information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about robots.
We then created what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end up before lunch.
And we transform lights and web cameras in accessories and we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer processing this image and measuring the size of each particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called``Institute ,"with the hope that someone's best even more.
Now the great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they're actually trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you look at the Internet, and you take this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, clean up an oil spill, just using the hands, in smooth, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, it's the water where it's bathed, the water where fishing, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown, the mud and oil also are brown color, and when everything gets mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectacular technology, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can fit through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We got this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help shape other kids.
And I can investigate a problem at a distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I would address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called tsunami calls, and those tsunami tsunamis destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a moment.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fukushima, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pathologists for climate pollution.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it's safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year since the crash and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with robotics all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the integrity, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary topographic map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we sprinkle water to simulate the rain.
And so we were able to notice that radioactive dust is filtering from the top of the mountain to the river and desert system in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear power to date.
We reached up to 1.5 miles from nuclear power, and with the help of fishermen from the area, we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a tracking tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit like that, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical, basically, you can build it almost there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can become true with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Cell flour: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the elderly population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, soldiers, we have to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of steel pieces, the other one of a silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is made on the environment, the other thing creates.
One is designed by nature, the other thing.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the marble marble, he saw a figure that struggle for being free.
The cinema was only Miguel angel tools.
But living ones are not tuned.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information it's required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have declined a world made of parts, including the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a display of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find the assembly of homosexual material in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with dancing pores.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You act mainly as a filter, the other primarily as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: no parts, no assembly.
It's a system that gradually varies its functionality by variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and an architect to work currently between the five and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens behind me.
My work, at its simplest level, is trying to bring these two visions of the world, coming away from assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder: Why now?
Why was it not possible that 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they trusted four disciplines that offer access to the tools we've never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 feet of diameter with a vegetable basis that someday not very far to print entire buildings, and graphs to nanotechnology made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the jealousy, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where each of the openings is very unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade from Paris with Iran van Heaven . It's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and fake 3D without cuts between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analog and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a time structure, comfortable and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, becomes sanitary.
So we print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, offer and color, corresponds to pressure points in the human body.
Its surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly, but variable continuously and delicate material property.
But is it ideal nature?
No parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she said,``In the third day of creation, God sends the Earth to grow a brutal tree of fruit . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches, cortex, sticks and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would be design if objects were made from one piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for the biblical material, the kind of material tree of the fruit tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called plankton, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate molecular structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marijuana . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, we kill them and we produce curve paste.
Absolutely the chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at a large scale, it was built a system with multiple nozzle of foreign controlled controlled.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from a single material , 100 feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that came for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we analyzed the bacteria designed genetically to capture quickly carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
So for the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without living beams, and if it gets even more, windows.
A brutal tree of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life; and put them on the ground, help grow a tree.
The ad for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the cross-cultural journeys.
To do that, we must dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we did our own table of elements: new forms of life created competing, manufacturing and augmented in a biological way.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy, just instead of carrying beautiful metals, are synthesized new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combine.
The first is cyber.
It lives in our oceans and the sweet water ponds.
And the second one, E. coli, the bacteria that has in the human intestine.
One converts light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that's resembles the digestive tract, which will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, vary the properties of material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we discovered more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, is 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TED princess, our first portable photosynthetic, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Sheila said,``We are past fashion creatures, only half it is made . ''
What if design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increases living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and solve our bodies?
Think of this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows . adds with sophistication.
This cartoon of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's metabolized.
The nonviolent manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act like structure, the other one is glue or matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this is happening through scales.
The silk worm first gets together in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to hide a compromise of compression.
The tension and the compression, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we pasted a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the iron.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when I put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it would be a flat cafe and still naturally notice.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that shape, composition, the structure of the cocoon, are transmitted directly by the environment.
They often take silk worms to death inside their cocoons, their silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we can shape the silk silk without having a single cocoon.
It's moving together, and we could create these things.
So we set up this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk templates, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrate towards darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distributed the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillar.
We asked 650 silk worms to a silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to hide with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as long as they were hat, criminal, they mate, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
In the biological silk of the robust grass, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, six silk worms had 400 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
Politicians, after the performance, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk ice through a robotic arm, the other empty empty.
If the last frontier of design is to make life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring together these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new era of creation, which led us from an inspired design in nature to a nature inspired by design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we're going to make us charge from nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them,``What do you want to be about? ''
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question,``What do you want to be about? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question``What do you want to be about? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but it had too many.
I was in school, like the English, the kill and the art and developed the web sites . Furthermore, playing the guitar in a punk band called Telescope French.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's going to be wrapped.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I'm going to be able to absorb, and I let me absorb, and I'm like,``Yes! I've found my own ,"and then again this point where I start to drag.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I would deny all my other passions, and refuse to drag.
Another reason I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me for not defined by anything.
I'm worried about being afraid of commitment, or being dispersed, or self-defining or my own success.
If you can relate to my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have found then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from the culture.
It's asked first,``What do you want to be about? ''
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what's going on at that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide cute answers in kids like,``It will be astronaut"or``will be dancing"or``I want to be pirate . ''
You're going to get rid of performances here.
This question is being done over and over as we grow up in various ways, because, hey, to high school students, you ask them that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what it takes to the dream.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream about what they might be, he didn't inspire dreaming with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you well-intentioned adults, maybe you're going to laugh and say,``Oh, how cute, but you can't be able to be a violin and psychologists.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob China, and he's an art of rape and psychiatric.
And this Amy Nancy, magazine editor to become an illustrator, an entrepreneur, a teacher and a creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The core life notion is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of destiny or the real vocation, the idea that each of us has something that's going to spend during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But, if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have an objective.
And there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a skill.
A multinational is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a battle for you to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, a Renaissance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shark refers to us as``scanners . ''
Use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see molecule as a limitation or an effect that you should beat.
But what I've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths when it's this way.
Here are three industrial superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
St. Health and Rachel Bank expressed his interests shared in cartography, data, travel, mathematics and design, by the founding of the Mexican.
Mexico is a company who creates geographically inspired jewels.
The Sun and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his effectiveness mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And activities, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When activities are interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start from scratch.
Now, it's a full time journey and independent writing.
As a pianist child perfection an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before you become a writer, I was a financial planner.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors.
It's rarely a waste of time to dedicate what you're drawn to, even if I finally abandoned it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Hilton is sometimes director of videos, others, web pages, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes it looks like James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because they can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The magazine Fast Company defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and excited that it's individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to satisfy the needs of the market, which actually thrive.
So, intensity of ideas, fast learning and adaptability: three skills where the architects are very adept, and three skills that you could lose if you're ready to reduce your goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in advancing the activities to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multidimensional right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a political multinational.
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice, and the multinational offers an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that run with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, the architects in large part are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you get from this talk, I hope it's this: recognizing the inner wiring, whatever.
So if you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all the media.
That's where you give the best of you.
But for activities in the room, including those who've just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you,``You know, recognizing their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbit drivers.
They explore the intersections.
embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, industrial, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In the year 1908, a woman called Judition, they took it to a physicist in Finland.
And he couldn't remember the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexander.
Alec didn't know how to help Aurora, but he would sail for her until, unfortunately, he passed back in 1906.
After his death, Alexander did a autopsy, and they found strange and marginalized plates in the Union brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If Asia had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than Alexander gave him 11 years ago.
Mahmoud was Dr. Allison Alzheimer.
And Judy Determist, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 100, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from infections, many treatments for cancer, for HIV, for the HIV, and so much more.
But it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you expect to live until age 85 or more, the possibility of hiring Alzheimer's ability to be almost one of every two.
In other words, there's the probability that they spend their own years from Alzheimer's or helping care to a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its cost is a five times increase in 2050, as you get older to the baby boomers.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it has been done relatively little to fight.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent, cure or even extract its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases, because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should be: The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 115 years, everyone, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's disease.
We think it will be sensible in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just have to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduced life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the Union brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they are made from protein molecules.
You can think of a protein of protein as a piece of paper that's played as an origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky.
And when it comes right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes molecules play each other, forming groups that can form great plates and lawyers.
That's what we see in the patient of patients with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step is complex is complex, like disappointing a bomb.
Correct a wire could do anything.
Corresponding others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of the cables have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now it's now testing a new kind of drug that blocks specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when they test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move safely.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick each other inside them, like humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 113 years of waiting, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow up that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to think that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try, we can fly it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have sent more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move on the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved day day and night, are often too often destructive to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Judy, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January of this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience by testing myself a night of last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to be asked by 36 increasingly personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- this really likes me -- Tell your partner, what you get from him or her, and I know very honestly this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who's just known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the laboratory to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love with, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the spinal Love column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder,``Do you keep together still? ''
And the reason I think it's questioning this is because they've already done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only my Facebook friends and imagined that my New York Times article will probably get a few thousand views.
And that made a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he got, he had no idea.
The paper was published online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, I've already been called the Today Show and the American Museum.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage confidence to write out of very honest experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they asked the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
A number of messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked him.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey Manhattan where your boyfriend is? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write on your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valence, which included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both do a public appearance together.
He records television interviews, and they laugh the photos of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the inanimate icons of the assembly process, a range that I didn't feel at all talented.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if they really worked: I mean, if I was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, permission love.
But this was a question I wasn't able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people asked the wrong question.
How do you know whether we're going to follow together or not, and also say?
If the answer was no, would the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the research goal wasn't producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to be able to be able to zoom in between college students, using what Iran called``personal openness ,"progressive and reciprocal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closest to doing it . Several graduate studies also used the French Primary protocol of Aron as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk on a little university of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and told me with Tim: I tried the studio and it didn't work.
He seemed crazy for it.
And I mean, you want to fall in love with the person who did it?
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said,``But became better friends? ''
Do you feel that you could get better after testing the study?
The tank.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was running a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was practically my entire adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or if he could live without him.
So I went back in science.
So I did all I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow be vaccinated the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just invented for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I used to feel like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see it more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I'm reasonably afraid of me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it will continue to be loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be an shortcut to fall in love.
There may be a way to sort of mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very scary story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask: Do they still follow together?
And their content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I'm going to propose to ask you more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who your love deserves and who isn't?
How do you stay in love with the things that are complicated, and how do you know when you cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what love to someone.
So if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a known one and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it's not the same thing to stay in love with.
It's the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote: love did not happen.
We stood in love with the choice of being.
And I got a little bit wrong by reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered anything that was going on.
I don't think of how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much times I will keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answering 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous, love and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest journal in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what maybe spending my life is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end implicit in the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose love to someone, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lesbian lesbian, and in a way, I got like a forest.
The city of New York a time ago, something that really affected me, but more detail.
I'll start with when I was eight.
He took a wooden box, and he buried a dollar bill, a feather and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humanoid ones, or some aliens found this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of screwing and surf and all these weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages out and I made a kind of clicking cell starting to the style Agnes Martin, and the resin covered and a bee was caught.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and he's allergic to them, so he's going to be more resin in the canvas, thinking he could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was going to find on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow down, draw the same way around a fall on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own species of specimens invented.
First, botanical -- that you can do an idea.
Then I did some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Sicily.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work was burned with something very big, which I call``traffic . ''
For the``traffic"I was inspired by the Green Baby of Delicious Western Times, which is a painting in the Museum of Death in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of the time.
Well,``trial ."I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the lobster.
There's a cave where all these creatures with head of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh breakthrough where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed at the bottom, ready to kill in mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a chord.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the respect platform of the Wall spill -- the Osama Bin Laden shelter, there's all sorts of weird things you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
In all ways, also a kind of script.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in one hand while the other hand comes up.
Their hands are like bullets, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a``training . ''
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a nose, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds from this trap.
It also has a 5,000 feet long of a snake tail that joins the``training . ''
Anyway, their tail would fire fire on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Their tail ends up in a balloon group of college made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
And this leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called``psychologically . ''
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material whether they're encyclopedias, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,000 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This is a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can interview the entrance.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or the news, or whatever it has, a kind of loved thing.
It's a quick link of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between both.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a small forest scene inside the typical cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called President World.
Inside this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio park, a museum, a school, a publishing arm that shows all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people in the inside of it with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we came to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when your head hurts your head?
They take a aspirin.
But so that this pill has the effect against pain, first of going through the stomach, the intestines and the other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indicator system so that any serious drug effects in the body.
The downside, however, is that when you bring any medication down, it's broken.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and it will increase CRISPR cells.
But they're also known for their side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood current, it's diluted, and worse yet for the time they take to their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is invited, and it doesn't easily come in the bloodstream of the patients that are attached to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment disruption, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment of life.
One day, I sat down and thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the virus of the virus, without the risk of the drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: the lasers, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for carbon care and diabetes, you can use it for anything imagined, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open up and closes almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people are asked,``How is that possible? ''
We send a small, powerful laser ray on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser over the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in question of microseconds.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Peter plates, but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incision on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the site of infection, while the laser uses again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the HIV body.
Yes . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied no state groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
They document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better than these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No longer.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 1660s peace peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1963 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we should even get involved or defeat them at any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the unregulated policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global view.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese River, known by its violent literacy against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hamenter has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamps Palestinian, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also managed to run the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machine: radio stations, TV channels, websites of Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have an ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of fundraising, but by cost-effective businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something more: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they make hospitals, they put in a professional form of training, or micro-controller.
Halbaria offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population to offer something that the state doesn't provide: safety and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by the war, or even the beginning of the AIDS ascent, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electric victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or vision in the long term.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving governance.
And the more complex and the more sophisticated, the more complex organizations are these organizations, the less we can catalog as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Halbaria?
dominated by a territory, they manage all of their functions, collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what's ISIS?
The lines broke down.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the weaker states are the states, like in the Middle East today, more interact and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups to have to invest more in not military tools.
And filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and build peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we'll understand better what incentives offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but we won't give us peace and stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill out that gap of security, to fill out that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very still, but I fear that they accept openly the label of``feminist"would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I was autistic as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people began to call it the Martin Fermitting.
So what started as a personal joke meant myself and a deliberate provider, it has become bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these hairy women, angry with men, who hated sex, as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the people in the inventory that could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and nasty word.
I'm labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which says too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman rebel, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being someone else.
Over time, as I was growing, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are irrelevant: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same grave for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you need to keep our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to keep these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded the women, and I was deeply offended, the classic``Salt Shakespeare"from the Han House Twin is incredible.
\" Make you reality with your wet shirt.
Peril, hurt, move up until he hurts her shell! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also kill insects, pick it out of garbage, the caregiver and the maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
Enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Balianoi"and the romantic comedy, and I have abandoned fantasies of the fairy fairy tales.
Some of my crimes are more heartbreaking.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's office, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, he accepted that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is comfortable so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
Let's solve this problem.
They reject conventional feminism that has ignored or deflect historically the needs of the women of color, the workers, the gay and transgendered, to favor of white, heterosexual, middle class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist in a pedestal.
We hope it's going to be perfection.
When we were disappointed, we retired them with a lot of taste from the same loss where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I'm already considered to get away from that loss before you try to put there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid to be labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"for fear of what that tag means, for fear to not be able to fulfill with the unreasonable expectations.
Take Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a deceptive feminist.
In the Vietnamese Museum of 2014, in MTV, I act in front of the word``feminist ,"three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, seeing this star of the pop opening openly the feminism and making women knowing and young men that will be feminist to be proud.
And the time, the cultural critics began to be endless if Betty was or not exactly feminist.
They rating his feminism, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand the perfection of the feminist, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so powerfully a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism, to design the feminism of any woman, destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to realize, going to action and being a bit more courageous.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demand change affecting their gains.
It's certainly difficult.
Why has it its music that will be so utilitarian?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
These are two magnificent and brilliant girls, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where they're appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option will look like something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sport, the Game of Thrones.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports, where athletes treat their peers as salary sacks.
In any case, men, especially white, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include enough of the women, as much to participate in making decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are amazingly but invite to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more as us as we're welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision.
We're not a lot of people, without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, to people in the power of directors and film producers and music, CEO, legislators, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim with our feminism, well, bad, or any rule.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"says,``prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say it, especially, because I love my voice, it was stolen, and the feminism helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incentive to deal with what happened.
A few kids were donated when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
I stole my voice, and after all I didn't think I could say something that might matter.
But -- I was writing.
And with that, I would write.
I would lie on a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what meant living in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful than what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if it was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see, and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is about telling us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need to be a little bit courageous.
Just after Christmas last year , 132 children in California had a measles for visiting Disneyland or by being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were supposed to be supposed even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that broke the policy on autism and vaccines, disappointed and marked for being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it create developing all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
Reception organizations like Stanford autism refers to routinely to autism as an epidemic, as if you could get another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Centers of Disease Control Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``widely diagnostic criteria"and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and cautious progress of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is, and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from the Hospital Johns Hopkins . In 1947, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, neither to the people around them, even their own parents.
They could make fun for hours by waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey from panic for memories as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while collecting places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kantange criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
So for example, I desperately gave that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
I once realized that he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to his consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certain.
They classify autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and disappointed parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a fridge that they don't rest.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they added in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they were two years old.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, by planting things like children were simply representing what they had heard of their parents asked, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was rare.
Luther Ghana, the cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the neighboring mothers of Kanzi was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susra.
Luther and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Toronto and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They took a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find the children autistic in the community.
What you saw is that Kanzi's model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, whereas others were embedded in their fascination for astrophysics, in the dinosaurs or the genius of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit up in nice frames and look at them, as Judith said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Andrew found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kanzi article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided to say to me in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Toronto spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document provides an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were mostly progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids follow their games in Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asperger described as a political disability of life that demands compassionate forms of support and space spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he was given to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would tackle a surprising variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at the aspects of this continuum in archetype known in the pop culture as the clumsy social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He was beyond even to say, for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Luther and Judith discovered that Kanzi was wrong when autism was infected, so the parents were the passions.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes were going to be able to look at the limited model of Gandhi by a broad and inclusive Asperger.
These changes don't fall into broken salt.
I coincidentally, when Long and Judith worked between the records to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it came out,``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, I found out what autism was, but after the unconscious exciting of Dusty Hoffman, like Raria Bonobo and the Record Man recognition with four awards of Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents all over the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection to that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes in the criteria and introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, just like they predicted London and Judith, in fact hoped that it would be, they got people with autism and their families finally get the support and services that are deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines by the increase in the diagnostics -- a simple, powerful, seductive story as bad as Kanzi's theory that autism was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by new medical advances, embracing the term``neuroscientist"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neurogenesis is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distracted, usually social, and suffer from attention to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, who believed that cure for the most independent aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman called Toronto Zaura once said,``We need all the hands in cover to bury the boat of humanity . ''
As we were going to navigate an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste it not a brain.
Thank you.
